---



title: Chapter 138

category: chapter

layout: post

chapter: 138

---

Harriet began to thoroughly explain the matter after hearing my statement that
everyone should just become an Enchanter if it brought in that much money.
“If just anyone could become an Enchanter, the value of Scrolls would plummet. It’s
said that Enchantment techniques are highly confidential, even in the Magic
Association, and licenses are only issued to a small number of people to allow them
to make use of those techniques. If someone were caught arbitrarily passing on the
Enchantment techniques, they would be mercilessly pursued by the Magic
Associations Hunters. This magic system is much more highly secured than you
might imagine. That’s why they can’t teach those things in Temple. You can only learn
those techniques after getting an Enchanter’s license from the Association.”
In order to maintain their price, the Magic Association strictly controlled the number
of Enchanters. There seemed to be something called an Enchanter’s license test. I
thought it was something like a public exam organized by the Magic Association.
“So, you’re saying they have a monopoly?”
“It’s an oligopoly. The Magic Association isn’t the only organization that has a hold of
the enchantment techniques. However, wizard organizations with access to secret
magic techniques such as Enchantment can’t be completely unrelated to the
Association, so they are also very restrictive about the techniques.”
As I listened to them, I felt both puzzled and excited.
“Becoming a Battle Wizard is more or less a dead-end, so the smart wizards become
Enchanters or Magic Crafters. A Wizard capable of Teleportation also has great
prospects, but that’s all there is to it. Magic Crafters who are capable of magic Warp
Gates and Mana Trains are considered much greater.”
To begin with, becoming a Wizard was reserved for those geniuses, but even among
them, the ones who were deemed overwhelming geniuses majored in Magic Crafting,
which was safe and could earn one a lot of money. Magic Crafters enjoyed a much
better public reputation as well.

However, choosing that major was like trying to pick stars from the sky.
It was similar to saying that the geniuses of any medical school should go into plastic
surgery, orthopedics, and dermatology.
Actually, when people thought of doctors, they thought of surgeons, but in reality,
when medical students thought about which field they should go into, becoming a
surgeon was a dead-end; applying that to Wizards, normally, people thought about
wizards chanting great destructive spells, but becoming a battle wizard was a
complete and utter dead-end.
So Adelia was trying to get an Enchanter’s license to make money, even though she
didn’t actually have that talent.
Of course, Magic Crafters also seemed to make a lot of money, so she didn’t
absolutely need that Enchanter’s license.
It was quite the strange setting that I had accidentally stumbled upon that was
solidly integrated into this society.
Magic Scrolls were expensive.
Just because of that simple statement, the background that not everyone could
simply make them was created, leading to the additional detail that Enchanters had
to be the cream of the crop of wizards.
So, Adelia, a character residing in the main story, was also influenced to try getting
an Enchanter’s license, even though she didn’t hold an enchanting talent.
I found it to be quite mysterious.
“Of course, this only concerns magic to earn money. Harriet is an exception.”
There was bound to be a difference between people who decided to become wizards
to earn money and those that didn’t. Harriet had no reason to try and earn money
with magic because she was the daughter of a lofty noble family—money was never
even a concern.

There were people who went into the medical field just to become doctors and for no
other reason, after all.

In Harriet’s case, she had the freedom to choose any major she liked. Of course, she
was already so talented that she could learn any magic in existence.
“I don’t think approaching magic purely as a research subject is the right attitude for
a wizard. I don’t like people like that, either.”
*How dare you think about making money from magic...!! Magic is an art form... not a
means to make money...! Screeech!*
Both Adelia and Harriet trembled as if they knew quite a lot of wizards who spoke
like that. Apparently, there was someone like that among the teachers of a class they
had to attend.
That was why Adelia felt so ashamed that she went against the pure pursuit of magic,
and Harriet seemed apologetic even though she didn’t have to—her and Adelia’s
circumstances were simply different.

Adelia studied magic to earn money.
Harriet, on the other hand, simply studied it to master magic itself.
There was a reason why Adelia felt lesser when standing next to Harriet... because
no one was better than Harriet in her field.
Adelia’s talents, magic crafting, and summoning magic were already included in
Harriet’s talent.
Even though they were close... Actually, she must have felt absolutely inferior to
Harriet.
Would they be okay if this went on? In the original story, nothing serious happened
between the two.
“Hey, what is life?
Adelia slowly raised her head at my open remark.
“No matter what other people do or say, money is the best, you know? What’s wrong
with wanting to make money? It’s something praiseworthy.”

There was nothing greater than money, girl. So what if you want to earn some?
Adelia’s face slightly reddened at my words.
She was definitely the best friend of that habitual blusher, Harriet.
“Ah, yes... Thanks, Reinhardt...”
“Are you doing this to offend me? You shouldn’t say those words again. They make
others feel bad.”
Adelia nodded slightly, and Liana just sighed at my remark that she felt was rather
nasty.
“So what.”
"Do you stand behind those words, even after someone pointed it out to you?”
“Of course.”
"You’re seriously crazy."
Liana clicked her tongue as if she didn’t want to deal with me anymore, and Adelia
just had her mouth slightly open, staring blankly, watching me quarreling with the
young lady Grantz like that.
‘Yeah, I knew that you were that kind of guy, but I still don’t get it’, that was what her
expression seemed to say.
Liana smiled and looked at Harriet.
“Hey, when we graduate, let’s start with getting rid of this crazy guy.”
Harriet lightened up at Liana’s suggestion and nodded.
“Yeah! Let’s do that, no matter what! You’re dead when you graduate!”
Adelia’s complexion turned snow-white hearing the two’s plot, and Ellen, who also
seemed to have noticed that something was happening, looked over.
I simply smiled.

“...If that’s the case, do you really think I would let you graduate without a hitch?”
Did you actually think you would be able to graduate safely?
At my words, Harriet’s and Liana’s faces seemed to say, “Oh, he was someone capable
enough of that, wasn’t he?”

* * *

“I’m going to relax.”
When we went back to talking about our vacation plans, Liana said she would simply
relax.
“Where?”
“I usually tour around the places my family has villas in.”
It seemed that Liana was planning to relax by traveling around the places her family
owned villas in.
“Right. But I think I will just go to the Edina archipelago this time.”
“Edina archipelago? Where is that place?”
It looked like none of them had heard of the Edina archipelago, but I flinched slightly.
It was the southernmost island country of the continent where Airi had opened a
bar.
“It’s an island country south of Kernstadt, but there aren’t any Gates connected to it,
so people don’t go there often. I heard it’s a great place. It’s like a secret tourist
destination.”
“If there aren’t any Gates connecting to that place, are you going there by boat?”
Liana shook her head at Adelia’s question.
“If I went there by boat, vacations would be over before I even reached the place. I’m
going with my butler.”

“Your butler?”
“Yeah. My butler is a wizard. We’re going to teleport there.”
Adelia was completely stunned by those words.
Her butler wasn’t just some servant; he was actually a high-ranking wizard skilled
enough to use Teleport. Only Duke Grantz would be able to hire someone like that
just for simple trips.
Adelia seemed to feel that she was rather distant from them every time Harriet and
Grantz said things like that.
Of course, our little glutton was munching on the cake I had ordered but hadn’t
touched yet.
...Although she went out with us, she was no different from usual.
She showed no reaction at all and only ate a lot.
‘Why did you go with them? No, why did they even take you with them? Were these
three just that nice?’
I found it really upsetting!
I felt like a parent seeing their daughter not properly getting along with her friends.
*Her friends are so nice, but why is my kid like this?!*
*Sorry for raising such an ungrateful kid, everyone!*
Anyway, Liana planned on traveling during the vacation.

“I’m just going back home, but like Adelia, I’m going to continue my magic research
with my brothers’ help.”
Harriet seemed like she wanted to return to The Saint-Owan Grand Duchy and study.
Temple had good facilities, but they absolutely couldn’t hold a glass to the ones in the
Grand Duchy; since her brothers were also wizards, she would be able to ask them
for advice.

In many ways, Harriet was in a position in which she didn’t have to come to Temple
to study magic.
Next, their eyes turned towards me.
“Well, I don’t really have any plans.”
I really had no idea whether I should go out or stay in Temple. I could stay behind
and train, but I also wanted to do something more meaningful.
The only one left was Ellen.
“What about Ellen?”

I described how Ludwig spent his vacation, but not Ellen’s. When a question was
directed at her, she started to talk while she cut off a slice of her cake and ate it.
“I originally planned on staying home and resting...”
It seemed like she originally planned to go back to her hometown to rest, but it
looked like she had changed her mind.
“I’m going to register as an adventurer."
“What?!”
“...All of a sudden?”
“Why an adventurer?"
“Isn’t that dangerous?”
All of us were shocked about her bombshell reveal in our own ways.
*‘What? You wanted to become an adventurer? What kind of bullshit is that?’*
“I want to go to the Darklands.”
I felt like my hair was turning white from shock.

That punk had finally turned crazy.

* * *
Everyone fell into a frenzy at her declaration.
“Ellen, Not all demons are dead yet, even if the Demon World War ended.”
“I know.”
Ellen just nodded at Liana’s words, saying she already knew that.
“Why do adventurers go to the Darklands?”
“The Darklands haven’t been explored well yet, so if you find an undiscovered area
or something unusual in the Darklands and report it, it seems like the Adventurer’s
Guild will pay you. They’re called dungeons or something like that.”
At Adelia’s question, Ellen started talking about money. Like that, I finally found out
how the hell adventurers made a living.
However, she wasn’t going to the Darklands to earn money, right? That was just
something extra.
“Y-you aren’t going alone, are you?”
“I’m going alone.”
“No! Y-you... This. I know you’re strong, but... What are you going to do if you run
into a strong Demon?!”
Harriet, who knew that Ellen could summon that mysterious sword, seemed to think
it was completely absurd for her to do this, even though she was a bit stronger than
others.
“I'll take a teleportation scroll from Temple with me. If things get dangerous, I’ll use
it.”
It was crazy.

It looked like it wasn’t just a vague thought; she had already reported her vacation
plans to Temple, and they even decided to give her a teleportation scroll, one of the
most expensive ones.
Even if she was part of Royal Class, why would they do that? Was Ellen that special?
Everyone asked her worried questions one by one.
Except for me...
“Don’t go.”
I spoke firmly, not worriedly.
*‘Do you want to die after wandering about that dangerous place? What is this kid even
talking about?’*
This development definitely didn’t happen in the original.
“Don’t go. Why are you even doing this?”

“...”
After answering the other kids’ questions thoroughly, Ellen just kept staring at me
silently for a long time.
“...Okay.”
Everyone’s expression turned quite strange when they heard her give up on her
plans so suddenly.
What?
That was what was written on everyone’s faces.
“I won’t go...”
It wasn’t just those three.
I also felt that it was quite strange.

<br><br><br><br>
Please report us if you find any errors so we can fix it asap!