---



title: Chapter 180

category: chapter

layout: post

chapter: 180

---

If I hadn’t beaten him down, Liana would have hated Heinrich a lot more. Needless to
say, he would have held an even deeper grudge against me. After having beaten him
up, I should have finally been able to rest, but we would soon return to our life at
Temple.
I didn’t stop by Airi’s pub in Rajak after all. They seemed to be doing well without my
interference, and I didn’t really want to leave any clues by suddenly visiting that
place I supposedly had no connection to.
After resting at Liana’s mansion until Sunday, we returned to Temple.
“That was fun, wasn’t it?”
“Yes.”
Adelia recounted that she had made quite a lot of fond memories of playing around
at the mansion, to which Harriet smiled and nodded. She seemed a bit down, though.
All of us who had been at Liana’s mansion returned to Temple together.
Of course, other than us, most people had already returned to Temple, as our
vacation had come to an end.
“Sigh... Even though I feel like haven’t played enough yet, it’s already over...”
The first thing I could see was Kono Lint hanging out in the lobby of Class A’s
dormitory.
The three idiot brothers had been reunited already.
“By the way, Erich, you... You’ve changed quite a bit.”
“Oh. Really?”
Cayer looked at Erich de Lafaeri, who then smirked.

“I exercised a bit during the vacations.”
He pretended as if what he did wasn’t a big deal and slightly flexed his arm as if to
say something like: “Although I’m not that kind of guy, I actually worked out during
the vacations, you know?”
“I’m tired. I’ll go take a rest. All of you should, too.”
Liana said that she was tired and went to her room to rest. Although she had been
playing around for the whole vacation, she was exhausted from the journey back, so
she immediately went into her room, saying that we should also go rest.
“Good job.”
“...Huh? Ah, yeah.”
As if in passing, Heinrich left us these words as he made his way towards his own
room as well.
It somehow felt like the bad blood between us had been subtly resolved, to some
extent.
“Hey. It’s Reinhardt.”
“...?”
And Erich de Lafaeri, one of the three idiot brothers, who saw us coming back,
looked at me and waved.
What? Why was he doing things he had never done before?
“Ah, yes."
“How have you been?”
"So, so."
“How was your visit to the Darklands?”
Why was that bastard pretending that we were friends?

"It was nothing much."
“Ah... What?”
Hearing my words, a strange smile crept up on his face. I somewhat knew where that
guy’s confidence came from.
‘Does he think that he can take me on because he worked out a bit during the
vacations?’
I thought I was done controlling those guys, but guess I wasn’t.
Heinrich wasn’t the only one.

It was the second semester.
It seemed like I would have to have a second go at those idiots who suddenly gained
some unnecessary confidence.
Those losers kept trying to come at me for some reason.
Was that a villain’s fate or something?
* * *

Ellen seemed to have been cured of her nightmares. And since I said that we’d only
be sharing our bed during the vacation, I would have kicked her out even if she came
in.
In the end, our vacations ended as quickly as they started.
The second semester of our first year had started. There were some things that
changed but also some that stayed the same.
For example, my early morning training with Adiana.
“Hey junior! Long time no see!”

“Yeah. You’re right.”
“I was so worried about you! I’m glad you’re okay!”
Adriana sincerely congratulated me for my safe return, blessing me with a very
bright expression. When she asked me what happened in the Darklands, I gave her
an appropriate answer. I did tell some of the kids, but in the end, I had still decided it
wasn’t something I should brag about.
Of course, I also met the other people I saw around dawn: Ludwig, Ellen, Scarlett and
Charlotte.

Everyone gave me a simple greeting as they passed by. Charlotte looked at me and
gave me a strange smile as if she already knew everything that had happened.
“Reinhardt! Long time no see!”
“Ah, yeah.”
Ludwig had probably undergone ranger training during his vacation. His personality
was still the same, but I felt like something changed about him, even if he pretended
to be the same as before. One might say that some of his foolish parts had
disappeared.
“Wasn’t it dangerous?”
“It was fine.”
“That’s a relief.”
It seemed almost mandatory for everyone to ask me and Ellen about how things
went in the Darklands as soon as they saw us. That’s just how surprising it was.
I greeted the people I hadn’t seen in a long time and finally left the dormitory with
Adriana.
“What did you do during the vacation?”
“Well, I trained my faith, so to speak. I did some volunteer work and prayed. I had a
good time.”

It seemed that Adriana enjoyed her vacation. She got her satisfaction from helping
others. There were times when I felt utter respect for her because she was so
completely different from me.
“Wow, junior, you sure changed a lot. Well, you had a month of vacation, after all.”
“Whe-where are you touching me!”
I felt slightly embarrassed when Adriana was touching my forearm so casually. It
seemed that my strength improvements were visible to the eye.
"O-oh? That’s... Ah. Erm. Sorry.”
Adriana’s face slightly reddened when she saw me so flustered and she apologized.
We went through our early morning training for the first time in a month.
“Wow, you’ve grown so much. Did you keep at it in your free time during the
vacations? I couldn’t do that.”
Of course, it had been a long time since I had last had my training with Adriana, so I
had trained with Ellen in the meantime. Of course, I did nothing but play in the last
week of vacation, though.
But I still couldn’t keep up with Adriana during our training, so I was completely
exhausted towards the end.
“Haah... Haah...”
“Phew... You really did work hard. I’ll admit it.”
Of course, it was only natural that she was much stronger than me, so Adriana didn’t
skimp on the compliments.

* * *

I couldn’t keep Adriana company until her stamina was drained, but she was a little
exhausted by the time I dropped out, at least. After our morning training, we sat on a
bench to rest for a bit.
“Phew... It sure feels nice to exercise again after such a long time.”

She seemed to feel good after working out, but although I kept doing it, I didn’t think
I’d ever felt that way before.
“Did you take a break from it until now?”
“Yeah, I was busy.”
Praying and volunteering, it seemed that Adriana didn’t have any time to exercise
between those two things. Adriana then nodded her head and muttered something.
“...Actually, it was kind of hard.”
“...What do you mean, ‘it was hard’?”
“Well... I felt a bit lost. Something like that.”
There was Olivia Lanze’s case and also the disappointment she felt towards the
Knights Templar. Adriana seemed to have been agonizing over whether she should
continue believing in her faith or not.
So it looked like Adriana had a lot of worries haunting her during the vacation.
"However, I couldn’t even tell whether my concern was really about faith itself or
giving up on it... I couldn’t readily come to a decision.”
She didn’t know whether she was contemplating her faith or thinking of giving it up.
I couldn’t say I knew what Adriana meant by that.
"I think I know now.”
Adriana looked at me and smiled.
“So, I’m not going to give up on it.”
She thought about it and came to a decision. I couldn’t sympathize with Adriana’s
agony, but it seemed like she eventually decided to not give up her faith.
I didn’t really know what to make of that resolution, though.

Anyway, it seemed like Adriana found an answer to her worries that had been
haunting her during the vacation.

* * *

I believe she had some complicated thoughts about everything, but she didn’t
elaborate on it, and I didn’t really know what to say to that.
It felt refreshing to enter our classroom after such a long time. During my vacation, I
had met the girls and Heinrich, but I hadn’t seen Bertus, Cliffman, and the three idiot
brothers for quite some time. Of course, I saw the three idiot brothers in passing the
day before.
“It’s been a while, Reinhardt.”
Cliffman still greeted me quite awkwardly, albeit in a friendly manner, to which I
nodded.
“Ah, yes. How have you been?”
“Fine. Right... How was it in the Darklands?”
“So-so, nothing really happened.”
I answered the other’s questions as I usually did, but as I did, I heard some laughter
from behind me.

-Pfft.
-Pffffft.
-Why did he go there, then?
Those three idiot brothers.
They were laughing at me. Heinrich seemed to have been of the same opinion. They
treated me as some kind of poser who made a big deal of going to the Darklands and
returned with nothing to show.

‘Why the fuck are they cutting into their own flesh? Did they start itching all over
now that a new semester started? Do they want me to beat them up again?’
“Reinhardt.”
“It’s been a while.”
I didn't really talk to Bertus about what happened. He just smiled softly at the people
behind me who seemed to look down on me.
“Great job.”
“...”

It seemed like he already knew what Ellen and I went through during the vacation. I
couldn’t really hide anything from him, so saying anything would have been
meaningless, hence I just shrugged my shoulders.
-Ratter.
“Sit down.”
Then, Mr. Epinhauser entered the classroom.
“Today will mark the start of the second semester. The first point on the agenda is
registering for your courses. Do submit your applications by today.”
Some of us had already done so, but I hadn’t yet, so I had to fill out my course
application form by that day.
Mr. Epinhauser, as always, simply conveyed what he had to convey without any
rhetorics.
“Except for the midterms and final exams, there are two other big events during your
second semester: the group mission and the festival. A detailed schedule will be
announced later. And in your first class today, there will be a physical scan.”
He was like a well-oiled machine, so he didn’t ask us how we had been or something
similar.

I thought that he was done conveying his message, but then Mr. Epinhauser pulled
something out of his pocket.
“Number A-2 and Number A-11, your new Adventurer IDs have arrived from the
Adventurer’s Guild.”

New IDs.
Only then did I remember that they told us that they would upgrade Ellen’s and my
adventurer rank when we left the Adventurer’s Guild. The new cards were to be sent
to Temple. Everyone was puzzled when the talk was directed towards the
Adventurers’ Guild.
—Except for the ones who knew what had happened.

Mr. Epinhauser simply looked at the ID cards and handed them to me and Ellen one
after the other.
“They have been upgraded from F to B rank. That’s rather unusual. This just shows
how serious the issue you two solved was. You can feel proud of yourselves.”
Mr. Epinhauser even gently patted Ellen and me on our shoulders, a rarity. He wasn’t
someone who just did those kinds of things, so everyone including myself had their
eyes opened wide.
He also asked us if we wanted to undergo psychological treatment because of what
we went through—he thought that we might suffer from extreme guilt and trauma.
That was also why he tried to comfort us in a rather unusual way—in case we were
still suffering from what we did.
*You can be proud of your actions, don’t feel ashamed.*
“Your additional reward has also arrived: one hundred gold coins each.”
An extraordinary rise in rank from F to B Rank.

Furthermore, 100 additional gold coins for each of us.

Everyone seemed even more surprised, except for those in the know. I had told
everyone that nothing happened, but for some reason, our Adventurer Rank had
dramatically risen.
There was a material reward as well.
—A huge amount of one hundred gold coins as an additional reward.
It was our remuneration for the annihilation of the bandits of Klitz Point and for
solving that cursed sword case.
Everyone should have realized by then that I was lying when I had said that nothing
happened and that we actually resolved quite an unusual situation.
Heinrich and the three idiot brothers in particular were immensely surprised. They
had been looking down on me as someone who was all talk and just bummed
around, but seeing how things had turned out, that was absolutely not the case.
It looked like I didn’t actually have to dirty my hands again.
They’d simmer down on their own.
"And I have something to tell you about the item you have acquired. As such, please
come to my private room along with Number two.”
There was one more thing...
The cursed sword.
It seemed there was something he wanted to tell us about that item as well.

<br><br><br><br>
Please report us if you find any errors so we can fix it asap!