---



title: Chapter 199

category: chapter

layout: post

chapter: 199

---

“Wh-where are you going?!”
“Let go, I’m going to fucking crush all of them.”
“I’m fine! I’m fine, okay? I’m not even hurt!”
“No, that bastard can’t just get away with fucking with you. How could he cast a
destruction magic spell close to others? That fucker has to get beaten up to fucking
learn his lesson.”
Harriet immediately grabbed the hem of my shirt and held me back before I could
run out of the dormitory. It seemed like she was rather shocked because she thought
I would cause a major commotion.
The three idiot brothers immediately ran away as soon as they noticed that my
judgment was seriously twisted, saying that it was bullshit.
“I told you he already got a demerit, and he got reprimanded and told that he
shouldn’t do something like that again! That guy won’t do something like that again
in the future, so you don’t have to be so worried!”
Eventually, after arguing for a while, I gave up. Harriet told me to calm down and
dragged me to the tea terrace, sitting me down.
“I seriously can’t tell you anything... It really wasn’t that dangerous a spell, even if it
actually hit, I would’ve been alright.”
“It still was hella reckless, dangerous, and—what’s more important—it was done on
purpose.”
No matter how mischievous one might be, how could they target spots close to
people with their magic during magic lessons and just call it a mistake? Just what the
fuck was wrong with that bastard's head?
Harriet kept staring at me nervously as I got more worked up.

She seemed to be worried that I just might break into the Orbis Class’ dormitory
while she wasn’t looking.
She told me to calm down and even poured me a cup of tea, which was rather
unusual.
"Although I’m curious if we would get the reaction we wanted, but I’m also quite
scared of what might happen. I can’t predict what you’re going to do, after all.”
“...Huh? I didn’t really cause that much trouble, though?”
The corners of Harriet’s mouth twitched, her expression a puzzled one, at my small
protest.
“It’s only the beginning of the second semester of our first year, and you don’t think
that having caused that much trouble already is problematic...?”
“...Right.”
The others were living a quiet life without causing any trouble, so it was already
quite ridiculous to say that I didn’t cause that much trouble when I did what I did.
“And when Erich said that he got hit, you didn’t really care, but why are you so angry
when I didn’t even get hit?”
“That’s...”
Well...
Just when I was about to say something, I was tongue-tied. What should I say?
I had a really bad impression of that guy Erich, so I didn’t really care whether he got
hit or not. Of course, I was the one who set that punk to behave the way he did, so
even if I didn’t like what he did, I would just be shooting myself in the foot.
Harriet slightly raised her face.
It seemed like she was somewhat happy that I got angry on her behalf after all.
“...You’re a friend.”

That was all I had to say.
“...And Erich isn’t?”
“Why would I be friends with that guy?”
Yeah, it’s true, so to speak, that I snapped in the end. It wasn’t the action, but who
they did it to that mattered.
“Friend...”
Harriet seemed to let the word roll in her mouth.
She didn’t look disappointed or sad, rather, she seemed relieved and somewhat
happy.
She was showing me an expression I had never seen on her face before.
“...”
Then Ellen, wearing her training suit, went up to the tea terrace and met my eyes.
Since it wasn’t really a public place, it seemed like she probably went all the way
there looking for me.
Did she really go there just to ask me to go to the training room with her?
However, she just looked at me and Harriet for a moment before she turned around
without saying a word.
Was she not looking for me?
“Anyway, don't cause any trouble because of me. I can take care of my own
problems.”
“Alright, I got it.”
Harriet was sitting in a position where she couldn’t see Ellen, so she just nagged me
for a while and told me not to get into any trouble and behave.
Finally, after giving me a long lecture Harriet sighed and sipped her tea.

I did have some business with Harriet, actually.
“Hey, you know what? Don’t you want to make something like that?”
“Make something? Like what?”
Harriet tilted her head at my question.
"Like a club."
“...A club?”
Harriet looked surprised as if she was wondering why I was mentioning clubs all of a
sudden.
“You research magic.”
“Right.”
“Mostly with Adelia. Right?”
“Yeah, but what does that have to do with clubs?”
Harriet seemed a little impatient, as if telling me that I should quickly get to the
point.
Just like Ellen, Cliffman, and I practically lived in the training room, Harriet would
often stay locked up in the magic lab unless something out of the norm happened.
Adelia was the same.
While she didn’t think so, she was one heck of a nerd—for magic only.
“Wouldn’t it be nice if you got together with others more often?”
“Got together?”
That school building wasn’t a club building.
However, as my novel had become reality, there was no law that would forbid us
from doing something like that. Of course, I had no intention of joining any club,

though I did have some connection with the religious club ‘Grace’, but they wouldn’t
limit me.
Just like Ellen had become stronger earlier than she had in the original, I hoped that
the others would also become stronger than they were in the novel.
Ludwig was the only case where it would be best to just leave him alone.
Harriet worked hard just short of me, but there was no reason why I couldn’t show
her a slightly better way of doing things.
"For example, if you got together with the wizard majors from Class B and created a
Magic Research Club, wouldn’t it be nice to talk with them about magic and get to
know some spells that you might not have known of? You’re not limited to any
particular field of magic, right?”
“That’s right, but... With students from Class B?”
“Yes.”
“Well... I’m not sure about the Magic Research Society of Royal Class, but I do know
the clubs that are out there. However, the standard of discussions and research at a
student’s level couldn’t be higher than just consulting a teacher. That’s why I don’t go
to places like that...”
Harriet seemed to have reasons as to why she hadn’t joined any magic research clubs
on her own. She seemed to think that research subjects students could cover weren't
at a high enough level for her.

* * *

However, that reaction alone could be called a success.
In the original, just mentioning doing research with the inferior B Class students
would have disgusted Harriet.
However, Harriet’s personality was completely different at the moment.
Her attitude was more like, “What good would come from joining a club where just
some students gathered together”, not, “Why with students from Class B?”

She didn’t hate the idea, she just didn’t understand why she would do something like
that. That was how much she changed.
“No. I’m sure it’ll be of help to you.”
“...Why do you think so?”
There were two students with magic talents in Class B.
Christina, who had talents in Alchemy and Enchantment.
And Anna de Gerna, who had a talent in Black Magic.
Both of them also had very strong talents in their own right and would become
forces to be reckoned with during the Gate Incident.
However, it wasn’t those two who had magic-related talents that would help Harriet
grow further.
“That guy called Louis Ancton from Class B would be a great help to you.”
“What... That guy? But he isn’t a wizard, right?”
Harriet wasn’t really interested in Class B, but she obviously knew who was who.
That was why she also knew about Louis Ancton’s talent.
“You do research on magic.”
“Yes, I know...”
Louis Ancton had an ‘academic’ talent. He was just smart.
Although he couldn’t use magic, he was walking down the path of a wizard who
would only study magic as a science. He was outstanding in the theory of it, but
couldn’t put it into practice.
Class B’s Cristina and Anna de Gerna would often take Louis Ancton’s advice to
further their magic later on.
After acting all prickly, he would start to grow closer to his classmates after a while.

He was like a growth potion when it came to kids with magical talents.
If it were the original novel, Harriet would absolutely hate the idea, but her
personality had become very soft compared to the past, so I told her that, thinking
she would accept.
If they studied with Louis Ancton, both Harriet and Adelia, as well as the Class B kids,
would benefit from it.
Of course, it seemed a bit heavy-handed that I had already finalized the plan in my
head without asking the concerned party what his intentions were even once.
They wouldn’t just do it for one or two days. I was sure, though, that all of them
would have a good time.
Harriet seemed to think about it.
“Hmmm... I’m not really sure.”
"Then you could just get together and have a chat. If you think it’ll be helpful for you,
then do it, if you don’t think so, then don’t.”
“...If it’s like that, I could give it a try.”
Harriet nodded, saying that she could try if it was just that much.
Alright.
I just had to carefully lay one paving stone after the other to create our road to the
future.
I wasn’t sure how much they would be able to achieve together, but I could at least
suggest some research projects, including the possibility that the Warp Gates could
connect us to a different world.
It would be great if they could figure out the cause behind it, but it also didn’t really
matter if they didn’t.
They might also end up making things that would have taken much longer to
develop.

It also rang true that their achievements in the field of magic would increase
tremendously just by meeting and acting together.
Louis Ancton, who wasn’t a wizard but knew a lot about magic, could help all of them
achieve something greater.
That was the picture I was painting in my mind, but then Harriet asked me
something, her face a little flushed.
“B-by the way, you... Why would you be interested in something like magic research?
Y-you... You have a supernatural power, right? If you joined a club like that with me...
You probably would be really bored... Will you be okay?”
Huh? What did she mean?
“Me? Why would I do something like that?”
“‘...Huh?”
I mean, I was just suggesting that the kids who were really knowledgeable should get
together twice or thrice a week and discuss and research magic together, I wasn’t
saying that I would join them, was I?
Harriet looked a little puzzled by my words.
“Y-you won’t join?”
“No, of course not. I’m not a wizard, and I don’t even know a single thing about
magic. What could I even do to help you?”
Harriet seemed to have gleaned, “Let’s make a research club together!” from my
words.
No, come to think of it, it was only natural that she thought I meant that. Otherwise, I
wouldn’t have a reason to say things like, “ Let’s get some kids together and create a
club!”

So Harriet thinking that my idea was to create a magical research group together
with her was probably more natural than I thought.

However, it was still rather obvious.
When Harriet realized her mistake, her face got redder and redder.
I reached my limit!
"Did you want to be in a club with me?”
'H-huh? Wh-what?”
As I poked at her with a smirk on my face, Harriet’s face seemed to grow hotter.
“Why do you want me to be there?”
“Wh-what?! I... I... What do you mean? Ha, haha! Why would I want to start that kind
of club with you, who doesn’t even know the basics of magic? I... I thought you meant
that because you put it like that! So what could you even do when you joined
something like that? That’s what I meant! Even if you wanted to join, I’d reject you!
It’s not like I wanted to create it with you or something. I don’t! And I never will!”
As soon as I poked at her, Harriet flew into a rage and rapidly fired words, just as I
expected. Seeing Harriet so angry after some time, I felt refreshed as if a ten-year
congestion was finally going down.
“No, if you don’t want me there, then just ignore me. Why are you getting so angry?
You’re even wearing the earrings I gave you. You know, it’s kind of unhealthy to have
such severe mood swings all the time.”
“Aah! Seriously, why are you doing this to me? I mean, just be nice or be mean, just
pick one! H-hmpf!”
“H-hey. Hey. Girl, p-put that down. You’re not supposed to throw these things. Ah.”
“I’m going to throw it! I’m really going to throw it, no matter what you say!”
Harriet had lifted up a teapot containing hot tea and glared at me as if she was about
to throw it at me any time.

The hands holding the teapot shook, and she eventually put it down without
throwing it. Of course, she was still huffing and puffing.
I didn’t know if that was a good or bad thing because she ended up overplaying her
embarrassment with extreme anger.
Of course, even though I wouldn’t sign up for the club, that didn’t mean I would leave
all the work to Harriet.
“You’re not that close to the students of Class B, right?”
“...I just know what they look like. We don’t even greet each other.”
Harriet had become very close to Class A’s girls, but she still treated the boys of her
class like before except for me. Not to mention the students from Class B.
“I won’t join, but I’ll try to convince the Class B kids. I don’t want you to do
everything yourself.”
“...You are?”
Harriet seemed surprised that I would go so far.
“Yeah, as you said, I’m just an outsider who doesn’t even know the basics of magic,
but I’m quite the bastard, so I’m very confident that I’ll be able to make some people
gather up, even if they don’t want to.”
“Are you saying that you’ll just drag them here by force if one of them doesn't want to
come?”
“No, do you really think I would do something like that?”
“I really think you would, though? You thug.”
“No... Girl, I was just kidding.”
Harriet also had a means to tease me, as did I, so she immediately targeted that spot
as soon as she saw a chance.
“Anyway, I’m quite good with words, so I should be able to convince them to gather

up. The rest would be up to you and the other kids.”
For the common goal of improving their skills in magic, the magic majors of both
Royal Class A and B would be working together.
Originally, Class B would be the only one that’d do something like that, and that
would only include Class A a lot later.
I was just making it happen ahead of time.
Just as Ellen had learned how to strengthen her body with magical power in advance,
I could also make Harriet become a much more powerful wizard earlier.
Harriet seemed to have let go of some of her worries when she heard that I would be
in charge of gathering people for the time being.
However, Harriet was still pouting.
“...Hey.”
“What? Do you have something more to say?”
“If you really want to work together to make the club, I could let you in.”
“...Huh?”
“What?! Even though I really hate the idea, if you really want to or something, I could
at least let you join!”
What was she talking about? I didn’t even intend to join in the first place, and I had
no clue about magic, so it would be meaningless for me to join.
So what did she mean by, “If you want me to, I could let you join?”
While I was thinking about that, I couldn’t help but notice the pained look in
Harriet’s eyes. Her expression looked the same as before, but her eyes didn’t.
‘This... ’
She was asking me to create the club with her.

Then she should’ve just asked me to do that. Did she not want to ask me that first, so
she made it as if I really wanted to join?
Requesting something like that sure fit her quite well.
Her worries didn’t last long.
“Sure, I guess there should be at least one person in charge of chores and odd jobs.”
I didn’t know a single thing about magic, so I wasn’t sure what I would be doing in a
Magic Research Society, but I was sure there would be some tasks I could do.
To be exact, it didn’t really matter.
If I said no there, I could predict what kind of expression she would make.
I didn’t want to see her look like that.
“Then let’s do our best together.”
“Hmpf, it can’t be helped then.”
Did she notice that her expression and tone didn’t match at all?
I had never seen her smile so brightly before.

<br><br><br><br>
Please report us if you find any errors so we can fix it asap!