---



title: Chapter 218

category: chapter

layout: post

chapter: 218

---

The solemn atmosphere became heavier at the word “Expulsion”. At that abrupt
remark, the Vice-Chancellor opened his mouth.

"What makes Reinhardt the most guilty?”

At the Vice-Chancellor’s urging, the teacher continued his explanation with a calm
expression on his face.

“He tried to resolve a case of assault by punishing them privately, even though it
could have been concluded by just reporting the incident to a teacher.”

"During said private punishment, Lilka Aaron was seriously hurt with her internal
organs rupturing, which is enough to interpret his actions as deliberate attempted
murder.”

"Additionally, he asked Oscar de Gardias, the former duel’s organizer, to fight
afterwards.”

“And throughout the whole process, he used his supernatural powers that should
never be used to ‘injure’ others. There was also another risk factor called ‘Magic
Body Strengthening’.”

“Taking all this into account, we can only say that Reinhardt bears the greatest guilt
in all of this.”

“In cases or quarrels between students and the exacting of private punishments,
according to the school rules, depending on the level of violence, we can hand out a
wide range of disciplinary actions ranging from community service, definite
suspension, indefinite suspension, and expulsion.”

“Therefore, we assert that Royal Class A-11 should be expelled.”

They were just interpreting things however they saw fit.

She’d wanted to faint, so I’d punched her with the intent of knocking her out, but
they’d turned into an attempted murder.

The way I’d used my ability to strengthen myself became me using my supernatural
power to actively try to kill my opponent.

They interpreted my use of Magic Body Strengthening similarly, I guess.

They were saying that I’d almost killed another student, and that I was the cause of
all the fights.

Then they were saying that was why I deserved to be expelled. The expressions of
the Royal Class teachers, except for Mr. Epinhauser’s, seemed rotten.

The Vice-Chancellor gave no opinion as to whether they should go with that
punishment or not.

“Teachers of Royal Class, would you please speak about Reinhardt’s usual conduct.”

It seemed like he wanted to check how I usually acted.

“I-I... I’m Mustrang, the teacher in charge of Royal Class’ Year 1 Class B. Reinhardt is
an excellent and good student who holds a strong friendship with the others and
values everyone equally. This time, he just couldn’t stand his classmates getting
bullied like that, so I want you to know that he didn’t do this with evil intentions.”

*No.*

*Teacher...*

*While it’s good that you are on my side, that's a lie.*

I had the overly powerful urge to retort as I was listening.

"I-in this case, Reinhardt was just careless. Originally, he was a good boy who
wouldn’t hurt anyone...”

“Stop.”

Even Mr. Epinhauser, who had been silent, cut Mr. Mustrang’s excessive statement off
in the middle.

“Don’t lie, Mr. Mustrang.”

“Ah. That’s...”

Mr. Epinhauser intensely looked at Mr. Mustrang as he spoke.

No, well, it’s true that he was very insensitive, but how could he outright say that
what Mustrang said was a lie even though he was supposed to be on my side?

The Orbis Class teachers were laughing and snickering at the ridiculous
development as if they enjoyed seeing that sudden internal strife.

“I’m Epinhauser, the teacher in charge of Royal Class’ Year 1 Class A. I’m Reinhardt’s
teacher, so I should know the best about Reinhardt’s usual behavior out of all of us
here.”

“His behavior... could never be called good by any means.”

Hey!

*You said I won’t be expelled!*

“Reinhardt has been continuously causing bigger and smaller incidents since the
first semester—from small fights between his classmates to picking fights with his
seniors, and he even had a duel with a third-year student.”

Those comments seemed baffling to the Orbis Class and the faculty members of the
general headquarters, as well as Lilka Aaron and Oscar.

That was the first time I realized what an absolutely random guy that dude was.

“It cannot be denied that he has caused small and big problems since then, but this is
by far the biggest one. He responded positively to minor disputes and didn’t have a
very good reputation among his classmates.”

“Yeah, this isn’t the only time, so seeing what the student has done so far is more
than deserving of expulsion or even more—”

“Mr. Jaden, I’m not done talking.”

After cutting off the Orbis Class teacher’s words who wanted to bite into me, Mr.
Epinhauser continued.

“It was only in the first semester that his reputation was very bad. This is a report
from the officer on-duty of the recovery room."

*The on-duty officer of the recovery room?*

*What does that person even have to report?*

Mr. Epinhauser presented some papers he had prepared beforehand to the faculty
members of the general headquarters.

“Both students of Class A and B visited the recovery room at least once. Also, a
significant number of students, seniors included, often came to take care of
Reinhardt.”

The priest on duty...

They hadn’t just guarded the recovery room, they’d also recorded all the students
who’d come by to visit me.

However, it sure was amazing that even those that weren’t close to me came to see
me at least once. Did some of them come by when I was unconscious or sleeping?

"In the first semester, as well as at present, Reinhardt’s behavior can’t be said to be
good, but I believe it has to be said that his reputation among the other students has
improved a lot.”

My conduct was still bad...

However, my classmates as well as my seniors liked me.

—That was the message Mr. Epinhauser wanted to convey. My conduct was bad, and
my personality was bad as well, but in the end, I was still doing well in my daily life
at Temple.

Damn, I almost thought that Mr. Epinhauser was throwing me under the bus.

Although I was behaving badly, my reputation was good.

Maybe because the report contained more information, the Vice-Chancellor read it
thoroughly and nodded.

“Apart from his conduct, it can be confirmed that he has very healthy relationships
with his friends.”

“Wh-what is so important about his usual conduct and relationships! In the end, it
doesn’t change the fact that Reinhardt violated numerous school rules to a great
extent! Temple’s school rules! Those are Temple’s laws! That student has violated
more than enough of them!”

That Orbis Class teacher with foam at his mouth seemed to try his hardest to get me
kicked out of the school.

However, Mr. Epinhauser just continued his statement with an expressionless face.

"I understand the importance of the rules, and all the faculty members and students
should also be well aware of these facts.”

“Mr. Jade, were you aware of the following rule within Temple?”

“Article one, paragraph one of Temple’s rules: Every Temple student is to be treated
equally regardless of status and is to be granted the same educational opportunities.”

His words completely chilled the atmosphere in the hall.

“Temple’s school rules deny the existence of instances such as the Orbis and Royal
Class to begin with.”

While he didn’t say such things there in Temple’s general headquarters, what he
meant to say was “What rules are you ranting about when Temple never even
followed article one, paragraph one?”

Those words seemed to make both the Orbis Class’ teachers and the faculty
members of the headquarters as well as the Royal Class teachers uncomfortable.

However, Mr. Epinhauser was completely calm.

“The purpose should come first, not the rule.”

“Temple’s purpose is nurturing talented people to allow them to contribute to the
Empire’s society and elevate the value of mankind as a whole—that was the purpose
behind the establishment of Temple.”

“The school rules are only meant to support that purpose, and if they are consistent
with said purpose, then they are only secondary—that is what I think.”

"That’s why, regardless of status, regardless of the school rules, Temple enrolls a
chosen few students in the Royal and Orbis Class and offers them special treatment.”

Mr. Epinhauswer was talking about Temple’s purpose, not the rules. Hearing those
words, the Orbis Class teacher Jaden, who kept on arguing, exclaimed.

“What does that have to do with this case?”

“At the time of his admission, Reinhardt wasn’t a supernatural ability user.”

“!”

“While Reinhardt had no talent, and was rather lacking in physical strength, he was
gifted with infinite aptitudes, so he was granted special admission into the Royal
Class on his potential alone. He was an exception.”

“It’s a bit too late to go more in detail about this, so I’ll just give you the gist of it.”

“At the time of admission, Reinhardt was a below-average student with no talent.”

“In his first semester, Reinhardt awakened his supernatural ability during the duel
with the aforementioned third-year, Mayarton. Additionally, a bit after that, he
awakened the talent Mana Sensitivity.”

“Reinhardt is enthusiastic about all of his classes and training, and to this point, he
has repeatedly trained with A-2, Ellen, an exceptional student, every day.”

“During their summer vacation, the students named Ellen and Reinhardt went to the
Darklands. There, they cleared an S-Rank Mission, raising their adventurer rank from
F to B. During their travels, they acquired a magical artifact. While I can’t go into
detail about it, it can be said that it was a very important find.”

“Now, in his second semester, Reinhardt managed to use Magic Body Strengthening
on his own, although he lost his duel with the fourth-year Oscar de Gardias as a
result. In addition, it has been confirmed the talent Mana Control has blossomed
within him.”

Mr. Epinhauser looked at Jaden with calm eyes.

“Put in simpler terms...”

“Reinhardt, who was deemed incompetent at the time of his admission, won a duel
against a third-year in his first semester.”

“During his vacation, he put his life on the line to save at least 50 people, uncovered
the truth behind the devastation of some villages, and repelled more than a hundred
zombies during which he recovered magical artifacts.”

“And in his second semester, while he didn’t win his duel with this Orbis Class senior,
he also didn’t lose.”

“I shall tell you once more. Temple’s Purpose...”

“Excellent talent.”

Mr. Epinhauser looked at Vice-Chancellor Assyria Walken that time.

“Reinhardt is the most talented person within Temple.”

Mr. Epinhauser valued me higher than Ellen.

Depending how one put it, the circumstances of the incidents may change.

The Orbis Class teacher wanted to frame it as a case of intenional attempted murder.

However, Mr. Epinhauser put it into a different perspective.

I was admitted as an incompetent bum, then fought and won against a third-year
during my first year, and then, in my second semester, I did something as ridiculous
as fight with a fourth-year resulting in a draw.

Would they expell such a talented person just because he’d violated a few school
rules?

Had they forgotten Temple’s real purpose?

When I asked Mr. Epinhauser whether I’d get expelled or not, he said that it wouldn’t
turn out like that because I was a student of Royal Class.

* * *

However, depending on what the disciplinary committee decided, there still was a
good chance that I might’ve gotten expelled.

That was when he said that he wouldn’t let me get expelled from school.

“Reinhardt’s rapid growth also proves that Temple’s education is very advanced and
effective. Reinhardt knows his shortcomings and always asks for guidance from
students who are superior to him. This could be called the real function of these
special classes.”

Ellen entered that school with masteries in many fields while I had nothing. The
reason why I became so strong was because Temple’s education was excellent.

What if it wasn’t just Ellen who’d made me stronger?

It was the synergy effect because of the excellent talents who had been gathered
there—that was also something Temple did well.

He offset his remarks about ignoring the school rules with praise about things
Temple implemented well. The VIce-Chancellor was looking at me.

In the end, Temple’s purpose was to cultivate excellent talents, so if I was a person
who matched that purpose, he seemed to be thinking about lowering my
punishment.

I could clearly see that the thought of expelling me had completely disappeared from
his head.

However, the eyes of Jade, who wanted to expel me no matter what, were still
burning.

“From what Mr. Epinhauser said, Reinhardt certainly seems like a great talent, but
his abilities aren’t everything. The personality to go along with it is also important,
and students who constantly cause trouble even though they are still in the lower
years are not excellent talents, but dangerous talents. Continuing to support and
educate a person such as him is dangerous! If Reinhardt had attacked her any more,
Lilka Aaron might have died!”

Attempted murder...

That bastard seemed like he really wanted to continue pushing that narrative. The
Vice-Chancellor’s expression seemed to indicate that he couldn’t just ignore that.

“No, that’s not the case.”

However, Lilka Aaron, who had been silent up to then, suddenly opened her mouth.

At that sudden remark, everyone’s attention was focused on Lilka Aaron.

*What?*

*Why did she suddenly speak up?*

“I wanted him to do that. Really."

Hearing Lilka Aaron’s words, Oscar’s as well as the teacher’s expressions hardened.
She then looked at me.

“I didn’t want to get up anymore. Although I didn’t convey that to him verbally,
Reinhardt still tried to make me stay down because he understood what I thought—
that is what I believe, at least.”

“Wha... What?”

Lilka Aaron, who was supposed to be the victim, suddenly defended me. To that, Mr.
Jaden’s expression turned rather dark, as did the other teachers’ expressions. Lilka
Aaron looked at me with calm eyes.

“Right?”

She was correct. Of course I knew.

“...Yeah.”

Lilka Aaron didn’t want to get up anymore, so she begged me with her eyes to make
her faint. That was why I did that.

However, I never imagined that the girl would admit that there. The Vice-Chancellor
stared at Lilka Aaron.

“I don’t quite understand. You intentionally wanted to be attacked so hard that you
would faint, and Reinhardt only complied with that wish?”

“Yes.”

“A defeat is just a defeat. It would have been fine to simply surrender, why didn’t you
do that?”

Oscar’s eyes widened at that moment when Lika Aaron suddenly rose from her seat.

“Wait just a moment, excuse me.”

She started doing something no one expected from her.

*-Rustle...*

She started to unbutton her school uniform blouse out of the blue.

"Wh-what are you doing, Lilka!”

“I have something to show you.”

While all the teachers were completely speechless, Lilka Aaron suddenly took off the
blouse.

No, they couldn’t help but know what she was trying to show them even before she
took it off.

She took off all her clothes, wearing nothing but her underwear.

Everyone was appalled.

Not because she suddenly took off her clothes, but because of a different reason...

Her shoulders, arms, abdomen, sides, and so on...

Her whole body was covered in bruises.

“Reinhardt! Lilka is still so badly hurt! Just how severely did you-...”

“It wasn’t Reinhardt.”

Lilka Aaron looked at her homeroom teacher, Mr. Jaden, and spoke.

“I got hit by my seniors.”

“You asked why I didn’t just surrender? I thought that my seniors would treat me
harshly if I lost.”

“Furthermore, if I actually surrendered myself, I believed that my seniors might’ve
killed me.”

“I fainted, but I still got beaten this badly. Under no circumstances are we allowed to
give up the fight if we don’t pass out. If I had given up, they might have hit me even
harder.”

"So, I wanted to get knocked out on purpose—that was why Reinhardt did this.”

Lilka Aaron finally broke and shed tears.

“What Reinhardt did to me was attempted murder? He should be expelled because of
that? Then... Then...”

She glared at Oscar de Gardias, her face stiff as she sobbed.

“Shouldn’t all the seniors of the Orbis Class get expelled? So why are you so angry
about such trivial things? You all know what is going on. All the teachers know what
the seniors are doing to us. The teachers even want them to do it, saying things like,
‘It seems like the kids aren’t trying hard enough. It looks like they have become lazy,’
that’s how they make them hit us. You did that... Knowing everything that would
happen...”

Lilka Aaron shouted out to the Orbis Class teachers with a stern expression on her
face.

“If he gets expelled because of something like this, shouldn’t all students and
teachers of the Orbis Class just quit? It’s completely true that the Orbis Class should
be abolished sooner rather than later. I’m more frightened and terrified of getting hit
by my seniors and the teachers pretending not to notice then of getting a bit hurt in a
fight with this boy.”

“I heard that Reinhardt fought with my senior because of that.”

“Everyone is scared, but no one can speak up. Everyone hates this situation, but if we
complained or said something against them, we would only get hit harder.”

“We knew that nothing would happen, even if we told the teachers.”

"Reinhardt told us that we should just call things shitty if they are shitty—that’s why
I’m saying this here.”

“The Orbis Class is a shitty and disgusting place. It’s a place that turns people into
monsters driven mad by feelings of inferiority, and the ones that were victims before
just turn into the same kinds of monsters to torment others.”

Lilka Aaron went to the disciplinary committee meeting with a completely different
purpose: It was to reveal the true nature of the Orbis Class.

The reason why she’d seemed so uncomfortable since the beginning of that meeting
was because she was in pain and hadn’t gotten treatment from a priest on duty after
getting seriously injured.

<br><br><br><br>
Please report us if you find any errors so we can fix it asap!