---


title: Chapter 262

category: chapter

layout: post

chapter: 262

---



Chapter 262

The bad relationship between Ellen and Olivia is a problem, but I didn't have the luxury of focusing on that as I was dealing with more dangerous matters.

Just dealing with what I had caused was enough to make my head spin, let alone the consequences that followed. But even if I couldn't take action on them, I needed to be aware of them.

I had entrusted Sarkegaar with investigating the affairs of the Orbis Class, which, while not directly related to me, was still something I needed to be aware of.

The advice from the previous case wasn't a trap, but rather a clue. It informed me that my assassination wasn't carried out because I was a suspect, but rather because of something else entirely.

Late at night, Sarkegaar came to see me in my room.

Since the Aaron Mede incident, there had been no indication that Sarkegaar wasn't following orders or pursuing other matters.

He just looked at me with sad eyes. Perhaps it was because I had a person whom I valued more than my own life, and that person happened to be the younger sister of the Hero.

He seemed to be in agony because he couldn't do anything to help me. However, he didn't neglect the task I had given him. He also didn't bring up Ellen's case, as it would only make me more anxious for no good reason.

Anyway, Sarkegaar was investigating the events that occurred after the closure of the Orbis Class, specifically those related to Oscar de Gardias. 

"It's a revolution."

Orbis Class, where everyone, regardless of their status, had to prove themselves solely based on their abilities.

A place where the belief that you can surpass everything with effort is instilled.

It would have been strange if those guys didn't dream of a revolution.

"So, the inexplicable actions that led to the closure of that class were actually a smokescreen to prevent the absurd facts from being revealed during further investigation."

"That seems to be the case."

They weren’t stupidly offending the Royal Family's sensibilities, it was deliberately done.

To hide the truth that should not be revealed.

[Event Complete - Revolutionary Forces]

[You have earned 300 achievement points.].

And there it is, an event I forgot about.

Charlotte judged it strange that there were no revolutionary forces in the Temple. Although she couldn't investigate properly, I found out the real identity of the revolutionary forces in a completely unexpected place.

Orbis class was the revolutionary force. And not just a few, but probably most of them.

They were refraining from assassination or retaliating against me because it is a dangerous time for them to make such a move.

"It seems that Orbis class had been infiltrated by the revolutionary forces for a very long time."

It is the birthplace of the revolutionary forces.

They would have chosen and secretly recruited those who they thought would sympathize with their cause.

And what happens when they graduate?

Orbis class may not be as important as the Royal class, but they are still important talents.

They will sit in important organizations or positions that recognize their abilities, whether it be the Empire, a vassal state, or a self-governing territory.

"What is the scale?"

"I don’t have a clear idea yet. I have only inferred it through the conversations of members who are sure of the organization, rather than having seen their meetings myself."

Since we are short on time investigating, it's inevitable that we didn't fully understand it.

"However, it is clear that if the Orbis Class, which is a key institution for cultivating core talents of the Revolutionary Force, disappears, the timing for them to take action will be advanced."

"Yeah, it wasn't just for nothing that Oscar liked it so much..."

Oscar de Gardias is certainly a member of the revolutionary organization. He will continue to provide information about the royal family to the organization.

He knew what would happen if there was a large-scale investigation into the Orbis Class.

In the original work, the revolutionary forces do not appear.

That means that they were all devoured by the confusion when the Gate incident occurred.

After seizing the Orbis Class, the revolutionary forces had been cultivating republicans for a very long time.

Among the people who came to the sponsorship event, it is highly likely that a considerable number of those who sponsored the Orbis Class were republicans.

I wonder how far it has spread. Sarkegaar says while looking at me.

"My lord, please use them."

I knew Sarkegaar would say this.

"Create chaos in the Empire by using them, then destroy both the revolutionary forces and the Empire."

Yes.

If I were to become the Demon Lord, there would be no better opportunity than this.

But I'm not interested in that kind of thing.

The fight between the Revolutionary forces and the Empire causes great chaos in the Empire.

And that's where the Gate appears.

...It's the perfect situation for world destruction.

Even though it seemed like a minor matter to meddle with.

It was no different than pressing the button for world destruction.

No, how on earth did I come up with something like this?

The Butterfly Effect.

The very thought made me shudder.

There is only one thing I need to do.

I won't think about whether the revolution is good or bad.

I just have to stop it.

That's what I should have done from the beginning.

The situation was becoming ridiculous.

Sarkegaar saw this as a great opportunity.

"Find out more. Their exact size, their hideouts, and who their leaders are. Learn everything. And if necessary, join their forces."

"Yes, sir."

We needed to know their exact numbers to take appropriate action.

But I couldn't follow Sarkegaar's plan.

He smiled happily, ignorant of what I was really thinking.

There was undoubtedly a large-scale revolutionary force.

But we couldn't just go in and start attacking them. If we did, the desperate ones would retaliate, and chaos would ensue.

I didn't know that one little fight would cause this much trouble, but now every action I took would have enormous repercussions.

We had to be careful.

For now, I had no choice but to entrust Sarkegaar with gathering information.

It felt like trying to figure out how to handle a nuclear bomb that was about to explode.

Killing them all was not an option, no matter how tempting.

The best option is to delay the time when they take action, at least until the following year. Ideally, it should happen after the Gate Incident, whether or not it actually occurs.

If I manage to prevent the Gate Incident, do I have to face the rebellion movement of that revolutionary force?

Even if I manage to prevent the Gate Incident, am I still facing an inevitable second civil war within the Empire? Where should I stand in that situation?

I felt like I was turning in circles.

It's a world full of minefields no matter where you go.

"...."

In front of me, Sarkegaar seems pleased to advance the downfall of humanity, but I was struggling with the dilemma in front of me.

It's exactly what they call a dilemma.

"Okay, go ahead."

"Yes, my lord."

Sarkegaar tries to turn back into a sparrow to fly out of the open window.

Looking at the sparrow trying to fly out of the window, a sudden thought occurred to me.

Sarkegaar will only be used by me.

He is doomed to be used by me until the end, as I have no intention of rebuilding the Demon Realm. I may be making mistakes in many ways, but the greatest mistake I did is to take advantage of his blind loyalty to the end.

Chirp?

Sarkegaar turned his head to look at me.

"I apologize… for last time."

......

I can't do anything about it, and I'll end up being a worse enemy of yours than Ragan Artorius.

At my selfish apology, Sarkegar stared at me in sparrow form.

-Yes, my lord

"......."

-This humble servant serves you, your highness, not just any Archdemon-

You serve me because there is no Archdemon besides me.

I had said something like that.

Then Sarkegaar told me that he serves me because I am his master.

At that moment, I wanted to bite my tongue for saying those words.

-Please keep this in mind. I am not loyal to you for being an Archdemon.-

“So does that mean you would serve me even if I am not an Archdemon? Why? Is there any value in serving me?”

-Since the time you made the decision to rescue the demon prisoners held by humans, everything from the furthest strand of my hair to the last piece of my soul has belonged to my lord.-

It's not because I am an Archdemon.

From the moment Sarkegaar accepted me, he recognized me as his lord.

As he looked at my guilty expression, Sarkegaar, in the form of a sparrow, bobbed his head a few times.

-Speaking of which, there's something else I want to tell you, Your Highness.-

He said as if changing the subject..

"What is it?"

-It's a bit of a different matter, but isn't it strange that the Imperial Palace didn't notice this?-

"Well, that's true."

-The Crown Prince and Princess, and even the Emperor.-

It was strange that the Imperial Palace was not aware of this problem. Of course, Sarkargar's espionage skills could be a factor, but it was surprising that the problem was not even recognized.

-I thought you were just watching while knowing about it... So I also looked into that matter separately.-

 "What is it?"

-I can't say for sure, but it seems that there's a problem within the royal palace-

"What kind of problem?"

-There are rumors that someone has died in the Crown Princess's palace-

"What?"

There's a problem happening within the royal palace.

If it were something else, I wouldn't have known, but it's the Crown Princess's palace.

Come to think of it...

I haven't been able to focus on anything else because of the assassination attempt on me.

Charlotte has been going to the palace instead of the dormitory for a while now.

I thought it was probably because there were a lot of internal affairs going on within the palace, but now that I think about it, Bertus was still in the dormitory.

Charlotte's palace.

The rumor that someone had died there…

Does this mean that the emperor failed to control the succession dispute?

What else is happening, no, what has already happened?

In a complex situation, another complex problem has arisen.

The sparrow flew away, and I stood by the window, lost in thought about that problem for a while.

