---







title: Chapter 268



category: chapter



layout: post



chapter: 268



---


Saviolin Turner is staying in the Palace of Spring to deal with Charlotte in the event of an emergency.

It was not for Charlotte's safety, but for the safety of the palace.

That was clear.

"Watch your words, Reinhardt, I don't have much patience."

Saviolin Turner said so in the rain.

It was a pointless story to talk about being the princess's friend when she was given the mission to kill her. She stood out in the rain, wallowing in despair.

I don't know what Charlotte's relationship with Saviolin Turner was. But it was a job that required guarding the body of a member of the royal family, the most noble of whom was the Emperor.

It would be a direct order from the Emperor, and Charlotte would accept it.

But in the position of having to carry out that order, it would be like hell.

Something would happen today. But it's only a warning, not a certainty

Suddenly, the Spring Palace was getting further away.

I can't go back to Temple.

I can't leave Charlotte behind.

But how?

Staying in the Spring Palace any longer without permission from Charlotte or Saviolin Turner is not allowed. I've crossed the line too many times. I've already been allowed too much just because I'm Charlotte's friend.

I don't know if Bertus knows about this, but if he does, he won't care about Charlotte's disappearance. He has no reason to use force against a competitor who will disappear on her own.

We were already approaching the stop.

"I'm sure you know the entrance to the palace. I'd love to take you there, but I can't be gone for too long."

"Yes, thank you, Lady Turner."

Normally, she would have made sure I left the palace properly, but this was a special situation.

After she dropped me off at the bus stop, she was heading back to the Spring Palace.

I can't stay here without permission.

There was no one at the bus stop. Everyone who had to go back had already left, to prevent anyone from seeing Charlotte's condition. Only the minimum number of people were left to keep the Spring Palace running.

Now even those minimum number of people, except for Dyrus, were gone.

Just to make sure no one sees Charlotte die at the hands of the Shanapell leader.

That means the palace's security is very weak right now.

Is it possible to secretly observe the situation?

The Spring Palace must be her territory. Is it possible to hide my presence from her senses and infiltrate the Spring Palace to observe the situation?

Whether it's possible or not, I have to do it.

Near the desolate Spring Palace where people were far away.

Now was the time for another incident, not for me, but for Charlotte.

Like the first time when I fell into this world.

Just as I risked my life in the Demon King's castle, this time I had to gamble with my life in the Imperial Palace.

I can't just watch as the first life I saved disappears like this.

It was a dark autumn night with rain falling.

Saviolin Turner was on edge, but not the kind that's vigilant of her surroundings.

She was probably only focused on Charlotte. She seemed quite depressed and confused.

And then there's my Self-Suggestion.

I don't know if it's possible to erase my presence, but I'll try.

In that state, I use one last trump card.

I used "Revision".

Saviolin Turner cannot sense my presence as I infiltrate the Palace of Spring.

[An achievement score of 2,000 points is required to trigger this event.]

It's not an unaffordable event, but it's not cheap either.

In the past, it would have been enough to buy a talent. With these points, I have gained the Talent of Self-Suggestion.

Various circumstances and conditions come together, making it possible to deceive the Grandmaster's senses, at least for the moment.

My current achievement score is 5,930.

If I could save Charlotte today, I would spend all of these points, even if I had to, and if I didn't have enough, I would borrow them.

[Using achievement score of 2,000.]

When Saviolin Turner disappeared beyond the garden, I left the tram stop and returned to the Spring Palace.

I left the umbrella among the flowers in the garden and also used Self-Suggestion.

No one can sense my presence.

A powerful suggestion.

My Self-Suggestion has even greater power in such life-or-death situations.

It responds to my tension and desperation.

I cannot let Charlotte die. My sense of crisis today has made possible what was normally impossible.

I successfully infiltrated the Spring Palace.

I have faith mixed with certainty.





 I'm not sure if my presence really disappeared, but because of the falling rain, the noise I made was masked and I moved very carefully.

Although I created a situation that would prevent her from sensing my presence, if I suddenly ran and caught her from behind, she would naturally notice.

Concealment is only a matter of presence.

I can't let my guard down.

I approached the distant Spring Palace again.

In the cold rain, the petals were falling, battered by raindrops.

-Shooa

Saviolin Turner, who was returning in the midst of this autumn rain.

I followed her in the rain as well.

 

* * *

Saviolin Turner was not conscious of her surroundings.

As I expected, she seemed to be emotionally overwhelmed due to the pressure of the mission she was given.

She would occasionally stop and stare blankly at the Spring Palace while walking.

I couldn't tell what she was thinking.

However, a deep sadness that she didn't show in front of Charlotte could be felt from her back.

I didn't expect to meet Saviolin Turner before the Gate incident, and I only roughly set up her background, without going into detail.

Saviolin Turner did not participate in the Demon Realm War. To be precise, she was not allowed to participate.

Under the pretext that the strongest forces had to be left to defend the imperial palace, the Emperor tied her to the imperial capital.

She couldn't use her power where it was most needed.

That's a big part of her sense of debt and guilt.

She trained Ludwig painfully, but it was only because of the special circumstances that the world was in, not because she was evil at heart.

Saviolin Turner dies saving Ludwig's life.

In doing so, she apologizes to Ludwig for all her harsh behavior.

In ordinary times, she is just a cold and calm person, but she is not like that on the inside.

Rather, she is ordinary.

She was just an ordinary person who had to bear a lot because she was too strong.

Saviolin Turner is Epinhauser's stern senior.

After graduating from Temple and joining Shanapell, she would have been an imperial knight for decades. She was even nicknamed the guardian of the royal family.

Therefore, she would have had a lot of dealings with the nobles.

What was her relationship with Charlotte?

I don't know well, but I could feel that she valued Charlotte from her hesitant steps.

Watching Saviolin Turner return to the Spring Palace.

I also entered the palace.

While entering the entrance of the palace, I did not feel any magical barrier.

If there was such a thing, I thought that the system would have warned me, but I did not feel anything at all.

Either the magical barriers and even the guards were released or disabled, or all the magic personnel responsible for such matters were evacuated.

It was like a house without anything to steal, not needing a lock.

The Spring Palace, where even Sarkegaar could not infiltrate, became too easy to infiltrate when the shadow of death was cast.

Thanks to Charlotte's guidance, I roughly remembered what was in the palace.

I might have forgotten it after a few days, but I just saw it today.

The only people in this huge, empty palace are Saviolin Turner, Dyrus, and Charlotte.

The lights were on, but there was no one to see me.

-Rumble

It was an ominous sound, but now the thunder and rain would drown out my footsteps.

I still didn't know what I should do here.

A vague sense of certainty.

With just that inexplicable feeling, I infiltrated the princess's palace, even refusing the suggestion to turn back.

If I'm caught in a bad situation, even if Charlotte pardons me, Saviolin Turner will not let me go.

If I make a mistake, I could really die.

In the revealed light of the palace, I hid in the darker areas and moved in the shadows.

Enhance hearing.

-Shaaa

As I enhanced my hearing, not only did the sound of thunder become piercing, but the sound of rain also became more detailed.

Self-Suggestion was now at rank B. After successfully strengthening my magic, my rank had risen as a result of consistent training.

Therefore, its utility is increasing. Not only has its range of use widened, but the methods I previously used are also becoming more effective.

It was natural that I could distinguish the sounds I wanted to hear in the environment. This was possible before, but now it was possible to make even more subtle distinctions.

In the sound of rain, I could even distinguish the sound of water dripping down the palace ceiling with a slightly different texture.

It was easy to distinguish the sound of Saviolin Turner's footsteps from within the sound of the rain. It was possible to predict the distance between us based on the sound of her footsteps.

Although I didn't know the entire structure of the palace, I had a rough idea of its locations.

On the left corridor of the second floor was Charlotte's bedroom. Saviolin Turner was heading in that direction.

I was able to distinguish the sound from a dark corner in the first-floor hall.

It was possible because of the complete silence in the palace. Besides the sound of thunder and rain, there was no other noise.

"Her Majesty?"

"She’s inside."

"Okay."

Dyrus's voice mixed in.

I heard the sound of a door opening.

"Your Majesty, are you okay?"

"Yes, for now."

Charlotte's calm voice was heard.

Charlotte's supernatural ability.

Why did the emperor have to kill the princess because of how dangerous that ability was? And is Charlotte accepting it herself?

Because her ability went out of control and killed someone?

Thud.

The sound of the door closing echoed through the hall, and no more sounds could be heard from inside.

It must be soundproofed.

I needed to get closer.

As I made my way up to the second floor, there was no one in the hallway, apparently Dyrus had gone into Charlotte's bedroom.

Just in case, I ducked into an alcove in the hallway and crept closer to Charlotte's bedroom.

I couldn't trust too much in the fact that Saviolin Turner couldn't sense my presence, even with her attention distracted.

She was not someone I could fool with such incredible abilities on a regular day.

As I approached, I imagined Saviolin Turner suddenly jumping out and grabbing my neck.

Despite the fact that I should be cold and shivering from the rain, my body was actually warm from the tension.

I was sweating.

Fortunately, they couldn't use magic.

If they were using noise cancellation, I probably couldn't hear anything at all. As I got closer to Charlotte's room, I was able to detect very faint voices from inside.

"You still... don't remember?"

"Yes..."

I heard Saviolin Turner's worried question and Charlotte's depressed answer.

What do you mean by "can't remember"?

-I think the time is drawing near, so don't hold back then. Lady Turner.

-That will not happen. Surely, there must be a way to resolve Your Highness's condition....... The imperial family is searching as best they can.

The imperial family is trying to find a way, but I can already hear the hopelessness in Saviolin Turner's tone.

-I don't think we'll be able to find a way before my condition becomes more serious.

Charlotte was negative, and neither Dyrus nor Turner could deny it.

-Your Majesty, we still need to find that child...

"Enough, please. I don't know how many times I've said it. Don't talk about that child."

Charlotte muttered nervously at Darius' words.

'That child', of course he's talking about me.

Does Dyrus think that if he finds me, it will improve Charlotte's condition? Why?

If Charlotte's supernatural ability is a dangerous power, what does that have to do with me?

An ominous premonition and countless hints were gradually making me imagine things I didn't want to think about.



<br><br><br><br>

Please report us if you find any errors so we can fix it asap!