---







title: Chapter 278



category: chapter



layout: post



chapter: 278



---

Bertus was in the dormitory, so it wasn't hard to find him.

"Mister Temple?"

"Yeah."

"Why are you asking now of all times?"

"Just because, I thought you might want to enter since you're the most likely candidate to win it."

Bertus seemed surprised.

"Are you saying that just so I won't do it, if I was actually planning on entering?"

That seemed to be the conclusion Bertus came to.

But in reality, I had even told Ellen in class today that I was going to the first year tournament, so she shouldn’t compete.

"It's not that, I'm just curious."

Regardless of the possibility of victory, winning at the Mister Temple contest would just give me 1000 achievement points. Compared to the possibility of a new talent I’d get for voting correctly in accordance to the event, doing the latter is more beneficial.

"I don't know why you're curious about that, but I don't think I'm entering."

Bertus seemed perplexed by my question, but he answered me anyway.

I wonder why this Mister Temple, who should have won according to the original, is not going this time. If it's because of the situation with Charlotte, I can understand that he had bigger fish to fry. From Bertus' point of view, Charlotte's resurgence is probably his biggest headache right now.

Bertus wasn't going to enter.

Then, without the original winner, I don’t have a clue regarding who will be the next Mister Temple.

I have to guess both to get two talents, but this is difficult.

But it's not my place to push Bertus, who is not going, back into it.

If I enter and become Mister Temple, I'll end up with only one talent from Miss Temple's side...

To begin with, am I really in a hurry to be elected as Mister Temple?

Since this event has given me such a rough time, I want to get as much benefit out of it as possible.

It's a situation where I could get two talents, but the Mister Temple side is uncertain. Miss Temple already has a definite winner, but if I can't guess who Mister Temple will be, I won't be able to get anything out of it.

What should I do...

Becoming Mister Temple will be such a pain.

Wait.

If there’s no clear candidate, I can just get one!

I'll make someone else, someone with a good talent, into Mister Temple.

Then his talent will come for free. Aren't there plenty of guys around here with rare talents that can't be bought with achievement points?

I should just make someone with a talent even more overwhelming than Bertus's Swordsmanship into Mister Temple.

"Let's do it."

If anyone comes to mind, I’ll make them into Mister Temple.

I’ll just use Revise if the odds are ambiguous!

Thinking of the candidates that come to mind, I headed to the dorm lobby.

Ludwig and his talent, [Stamina].

That's also a cheat talent. Should I make Ludwig into Mister Temple?

While walking and thinking about this and that, I could see the three idiots sitting huddled together in the dormitory lobby.

It wasn’t only them, Heinrich von Schwarz was also there.

That guy, who always avoided them, had now joined the three idiots.

To be honest, he's not really a good-for-nothing like those guys.

I wondered if they were also studying as they were huddled together, looking at books.

"Hey, you guys."

I approached them.

"Uh, uh... Reinhardt."

As I suddenly approached and sat on the remaining chair next to them, tension rose in their expressions.

"So... Do you need something?"

Heinrich's animosity towards me had disappeared, but he still couldn't help but be a little wary.

"Look at me."

As I gave them my instruction, they looked at me with a tense expression.

"Hmm...."

First, Heinrich von Schwarz.

His supernatural ability is [Pyrokinesis].

Although I had already confirmed that I can possess more than one supernatural ability, I don't really need Pyrokinesis because of the Flames of Tuesday.

Even without the Flames of Tuesday, I wonder if some sort of fire control would be possible as the level of Word Magic increases.

He's a pass.

Then, Kono Lint.

His talent is [Teleportation].

But this talent’s disability is serious. I feel so guilty for giving him such a downside. If his disability disappears, he'll become a real cheat, but that won’t happen for a long while still.

He's also a pass.

After that is Erich de Lafaeri.

His talents are [Divine Power], [Martial Arts], and [Swordsmanship].

Although all three of them are talents that I don't have, they are not comprehensive talents, so it's a bit regrettable.

Finally,

Cayer Voiden.

He only has one talent, [High Magic Capacity].

"...."

This guy is just right.

Cayer's talent of [High Magic Capacity] means that he can possess a huge amount of magical power.

Cayer's talent for [High Magic Capacity] literally means having a huge amount of magical power. He not only possesses a large amount of magical power, but also has an incredible growth rate in it. However, he cannot use it, so even though he has it, it is useless.

Even Ellen couldn't match his magical power level. Ellen's current magical power rank was A+, while Cayer's was S-rank. He is a level above Ellen.

S-rank magical power.

Despite his major flaw of being unable to use magical power, he can still be in the Royal class, because he has the talent of [High Magic Capacity].

But, I can use magical energy just fine.

So, if I acquire the talent of [High Magic Capacity], I will be able to use it fully and receive a tremendous boost in Magic Body Enhancement.

Also, I know that when my magical power reaches A-rank, my [Magic Control] and [Magic Sensitivity] will evolve into a new talent called [Magic Mastery].

If I acquire [High Magic Capacity], a comprehensive talent called [Magic Domination] will follow.

This guy is perfect.

But, there is a problem...

"Ha...."

"Wha, what’s with you all of a sudden...?"

With my sudden sigh, Cayer was stunned.

If he could become Mister Temple, there’s nothing but benefits for me...

But even though I had no way of predicting the future….

Something that couldn’t happen, wouldn’t happen.

Even if I try to picture it… Yep. It’s impossible.

I had to give up in the face of reality.

I wouldn't mind if he ended up in last place.

But it's frustrating that he can’t get to first place.

The guy with the most desirable talent couldn't become Mister Temple due to practical issues.

There’s a possibility that I could do something about it, but...

Well...

There are some cases that are beyond help.

I'm sorry for him, but Cayer is one of those cases.

Who should I try to make Mister Temple this time? Should I go back and try for Ludwig this time? He hasn’t had any events so far…

When I returned to the study hall, Ellen and Harriet were looking at me with disgruntled expressions.

"I just talked with Bertus for a bit."

"Who was asking?"

"...."

Both of them seemed really angry that I wanted to see the Miss Temple contest.

No, is it really worth getting so angry about?

Well... in my opinion, maybe. Olivia has gone overboard a lot...

Of course, we were not the only ones in the study hall.

There was also a boy studying quietly in that corner over there.

I didn't know if he was there earlier, but last time we were studying noisily and when Harriet noticed him and apologized for us, he freaked out and said not to worry while sweating profusely.

A boy who suffers from severe social anxiety.

My sometimes sparring partner.

Cliffman.

His talent is [Combat].

Instinctively finding the best way to win in all kinds of fights, a cheat-level comprehensive talent.

Although [High Magic Capacity] is the talent I need most right now, this guy's talent is absurd in terms of versatility.

It’s likely that I’ll be needing that kind of talent in the future. And come to think of it, I’ll get [Magic Domination] for sure, as long as I continue training anyway.

"...."

As if he felt a chill in my gaze, Cliffman, who was studying with his head down, suddenly looked up at me in surprise.

"D-do you need something...?"

I approached Cliffman and placed my hand on his shoulder.

"Cliffman."

"Uh, uh? Why?"

"Let's go, Mister Temple."

There's a possibility if it’s him.

If it’s Cliffman, he’ll actually have a chance!

"Uh-uh-uh-uh?"

"???"

"....?"

Not only Cliffman, but Harriet and Ellen were suddenly confused by my unexpected words.

"You should’ve cured your social anxiety by now! What was that? C-chu, what. Yeah! Shock therapy! Just become Mister Temple! And fix it! Am I right? Oh, I am, aren't I?"

"W-what are you talking about?"

Cliff couldn't even understand what he was hearing.

"Just do it anyway! I'm the one who said it can be done, alright?"

"That, that's too sudden, I don't know what you're talking about..."

"Let's just try and register for now."

"Why are you tormenting someone who's just standing still, you crazy bastard!"

-Snap!

"Ow!"

In the end, I got hit in the back of the head by Harriet.

* * *

Suddenly telling someone who was studying quietly to suddenly try for Mr. Temple.

It sounded like an extremely out-of-place thing even in my opinion. Naturally, Cliffman was bewildered, and Harriet and Ellen didn't understand why I suddenly did that.

No.

You could probably understand why I did it if you knew my situation now, but it's difficult to explain.

Cliffman's talent, [Combat], is a top-level talent comparable to Ellen's [Magic Control] and Harriet's [Magic]. It's worth 50,000 achievement points to get.

Considering the reward for winning the first-year tournament is 10,000 achievement points. It’s a powerful talent worth five times as much of that.

Maybe it's better to go all-in on making this guy Mister Temple instead of going to the tournament.

Harriet cocks her head.

"Why are you trying to make him join the Mister Temple contest all of a sudden?"

"It’s just like I said? The festival is just around the corner. This is a chance to cure his chronic social anxiety."

At my words, Ellen cocks her head this time.

"So, will it be cured?"

"He will gain confidence. No matter what happens."

"Hmm...."

Cliffman, who is sandwiched between us, was sweating coldly, as if he were about to be lynched. Harriet clicked her tongue as she watched Cliffman, who looked like he was slowly dying under our gazes.

“How can he try for Mister Temple when he looks like he’s having a heart attack just from the three of us looking at him. Do you think he can handle it?”

"...."

Even if he was willing to try in the first place, her words just blew away any willingness he might have had.

There are times when Harriet's personality becomes different from the original, but sometimes she says things that feel like they're from the original work, like now...

"Umm, yeah... someone like me... how could I even try for Mister Temple... there are probably so many people who are much better than me..."

It was an argument that Cliffman squeezed out from his lips as much as possible.

"No, you're selling yourself too short."

If it were Cayer, maybe not, but he has potential, right? It may sound like an excuse to say that his social anxiety might be cured, but when I actually look at Cliffman, I can’t help but be envious of his face.. And even if that won’t win him the contest…

I’ll just use [Revision]!

It’s not even just stuttering anymore, it’s reached the point where his mental strength gets depleted by everyday conversations. 

In fact, he can't even bring out most of his skills in our practice matches. Of course, that doesn't stop him from overwhelmingly beating me in the first place, which is also what happens when I spar with Ellen.

The first time we fought, I couldn't do anything against him and he took me down just like that. Actually, that’s still how our matches go. 

"Just think that it's all part of getting better. You tend to be too nervous, but you shouldn't be. Look at me. I don’t worry if I’m clueless about something and I'm just doing things randomly here and there, but I end up stronger in a bunch of stuff."

"To say that kind of thing with your own mouth…."

"...I don't think it's something to be proud of."

That was supposed to be a pep talk for Cliffman, but Harriet and Ellen retorted exasperatedly.

You guys go away, we don't need you! You're making him more nervous than he already is! He looks like he’s going to cry while throwing up!

...But isn't this just bullying?

Should I stop?

Even so...

It's an opportunity I can't miss.

I inspect the frozen Cliffman.

He's the tallest guy in the first year, and technically, he's a handsome guy with a rather cold demeanor. From a distance, he gives off an unapproachable vibe, but when you get right up to him, he freezes.

That's enough to win, I think.

"What do you guys think?"

In the end, as my opinion has its limits, I asked Ellen and Harriet while looking at them.

The possibility of Cliffman becoming Mister Temple.

"Uh, um...."

As they both stared at Cliffman at my words, he looked even more pained.

"I don't think he'll be eliminated in the preliminaries?"

Harriet's honest answer.

"I think so too."

Ellen responded.

Cliffman's face became even more awkward at the unexpected praise from the two of them. Feeling confident, I put my hand on Cliffman's shoulder.

"You see? I told you to try because I think you can do it. Do you think I would say something like this just to make you feel bad?"

"Well, still...."

This might not work out.

If we force this guy while in this state onto the stage, it would be a miracle if he doesn't end up crying. He might even develop a permanent mental scar and drop out of Temple. I might even end up throwing away a useful piece for nothing.

It's a shame, but it's probably better to put someone like Ludwig, who can be pushed and shoved, on stage.

"If it's impossible, there's no need to do it. I'm sorry for saying unnecessary things...."

When I was about to apologize and give up because I thought I would only torture him further by forcing him, Ellen suddenly intervened.

"I don't know why Reinhardt suddenly did this... but are you okay like this?"

"...."

Ellen interrupted.

This can't go on.

And it’s not just referring to social relationships. Cliffman’s social anxiety is even hampering his combat ability. He can get by with his cheat talent, but it is a fact that his full potential is sealed.

Even his practice matches against Ellen and magical power practice were affected

The things he did never succeeded because he lacked confidence..

"You know it too, right?"

"...Yeah."

Cliffman looked down and slightly nodded his head. Even he knew that he had to do something about his problem.

"I don't know why you have to compete for Mister Temple, but if that can help you fix those parts, it's not a bad idea."

"Is that so...."

"Yes."

Ellen still looked at Cliffman with her usual expressionless face.

Wow....

Ellen is better than me....

I wanted to send Cliffman to Mister Temple for a completely different reason, but Ellen suddenly supported it.

"....I'll think about it."

And Cliffman also seemed eager to fix that part of himself too.

-Drrring!

Cliffman replied and got up from his seat. When I, Ellen, and Harriet saw him suddenly stand up, we looked at him in confusion.

"Where are you going all of a sudden?"

Harriet asked, and Cliffman covered his mouth and began to stumble.

"Um, I don't feel too well...."

"Oh..."

... Is this guy really going to be okay?

Am I doing something pointless?

Cliffman staggered out of the room.





<br><br><br><br>

Please report us if you find any errors so we can fix it asap!