---







title: Chapter 281



category: chapter



layout: post



chapter: 281



---


Ludwig was no slouch, and he's improved even more than he did in the first semester, even compared to the original.

Saviolin Turner crossed swords with Ludwig five times in a row. Unsurprisingly, he was always defeated in one move.

Due to her level of skill, she didn't use any Magic Body Strengthening to defeat him, and used only pure swordsmanship.

He was clearly unlike Ellen

She didn't allow Ludwig to move an inch closer to her. And with the least amount of movement necessary, she simply brought her sword to his face.

It didn't even seem to take much effort. With her right hand, she gripped her training sword and gave it a slight flick, but Ludwig’s sword was pushed back and its trajectory was disrupted.

Right now, Saviolin Turner is the strongest knight. So it's only natural that there will be an overwhelming gap between her and Ellen, and of course, Olivia Lanze as well.

As they say, there's another sky above the sky.

If Ludwig and I were on the ground, Ellen would be in the stratosphere, and Saviolin Turner would be on the moon.

Or maybe a different star altogether, because she can summon an Aura Sword using nothing but skill

An overwhelming wall.

Without any sense of self-reproach or frustration about being easily overwhelmed, Ludwig scratched his head.

Ludwig, who was effortlessly overpowered, said, “I said I practiced a lot, but I’m lacking a lot. Lady Turner."

"Call me 'teacher'. I am not here as a knight."

"Yes, teacher!"

"....."

Saviolin Turner asked Ludwig to take a stance with his sword.

"Ludwig, you have a very shallow understanding of the sword. You have learned it mechanically. You know the blade, but you don't know why you need it. You don't understand it, so you put too much force into it. Swordsmanship, by definition, does not require excessive force. You need a more in-depth understanding of the art."

"Yes, teacher!"

"If you wish to know more, come and ask me privately. That's all. Next."

The overly cheerful Ludwig stepped aside, and this time it was Delphine.

"And your name?"

"Delphine Izadra... Uh, please."

Delphine Izadra, who was always on the cheerful side, if not as cheerful as Ludwig, was nervous. It's how you would normally feel in front of someone of Saviolin Turner’s stature.

It's like having Einstein in your science class, and they're there to see how you study and give you advice.

Ludwig was the strange one here.

Delphine thrust at Turner with her training sword. Turner did the same, thrusting her own sword at an angle to the tip of Delphine's thrusting blade, twisting the hilt.

"Ugh!"

Delphine lost control of her blade and ended up with her wrist flipped upside down.

"Hmm."

Turner watched Delphine scramble to pick up her training sword, her face reddening.

"You're not much of a swordsman."

"Oh, that....Yeah."

"Is it archery?"

"What? Ah… How…."

"Because of the calluses between your thumb and forefinger, that's how I figured it out."

At Turner's words, Delphine froze and stared at her in disbelief. Turner seemed to recognize it, a natural callus from handling a bowstring constantly.

"I suppose there's nothing I can teach you, then."

Saviolin Turner tilted her head as she looked at Delphine, who went red in the face and quickly picked up the training sword.

No, can't you still say a few words? You’re relentless.

Scarlett was next.

She too was nervous and pursed her lips.

"My name is Scarlett.... It would be an honor to learn from you."

"Come."

"Yes."

Scarlett seemed to be using a slow, reactionary tactic rather than thrusting her training sword immediately at Saviolin Turner.

She was looking for a gap to exploit.

In terms of pure skill, Scarlett is the best of us in this room. I compensate with a number of effects, rather than rely on pure skill myself

"If you're not coming, I’ll take the first move."

Saviolin Turner took a step forward, and Scarlett took a step back, her sword pointed forward. As if she'd be completely intimidated the moment Saviolin Turner’s sole touched the ground.

Saviolin Turner wasn't in a hurry. For every step she took, Scarlett took a step back.

But she couldn't step back forever.

Saviolin Turner's sword was not that fast. In fact, it went in very slowly, almost as if she was going slow on purpose.

Of course, she wouldn't do that in real life.

It's like she's asking for trouble.

"What will you do if I enter into a stance like this?" With that idea in mind, she slashes at Scarlett earnestly, her sword coming down from on high.

Scarlett had already realized that the moment their blades clash, she will be either blown away or knocked down.

The best option for Scarlett is to dodge.

She stepped slightly to the side of the blade, trying to avoid it.

"!"

Saviolin Turner's sword changed trajectory, coiling the falling sword against her and sprang out as a straight stab.

It was almost simultaneous.

As if she knew in advance that Scarlett was going to make the decision to dodge, the moment Scarlett's body moved, Saviolin Turner's downward swing had already transitioned into a stab.

But it wasn’t impossible to counter.

Scarlett thrusts her training sword into the path of Saviolin Turner's thrust.

The direction of the blade is more inward.

If she continues to push, Saviolin Turner's sword will be pushed to an outward trajectory instead of toward her body.

This way, Scarlett can stab Saviolin Turner, but Saviolin Turner's sword will miss.

However, Scarlett's thrust is too close to Saviolin Turner's sword.

-Whoosh!

With a flick of the instructor’s wrist, Scarlett’s sword flew into the air.

In an instant, she had disarmed her and held her blade against her throat, having easily pushed aside Scarlett's wooden training sword.

At the surface, it looked like one move.

Two if you counted the action that preceded it.

"Hmm. Not bad."

Saviolin Turner nodded, more in recognition of Scarlett's judgment and quickness than of the result.

"...Thank you."

Scarlett didn't seem to understand why she was being told she performed well when she had lost by only two moves.

After that, Saviolin Turner fought Scarlett four more times.

Of course, nothing much changed.

The only difference was that, unlike Ludwig, she didn't rely on strength alone, but on psychological warfare, using her wits to find the best move in a tight situation.

Saviolin Turner seemed to recognize that in Scarlett.

"You're an excellent student, keep up the good work."

" Yes, thank you...."

"Next."

That was all Savior Turner said as she moved on to the next.

I mean, shouldn't she be teaching her something? Scarlett’s basically no match for her in pure swordsmanship.

But the look on Scarlett's face suggests that she didn't need the feedback.

Her face burst into a wide smile, and I could tell that she's feeling pretty excited.

Ludwig and Delphine are obviously envious, and Erich can barely look at her.

The best swordsman on the continent had told her she was excellent.

What could be more motivating to a swordsman than that?

Those with great strength and power can change the lives of others with a few words. Saviolin Turner is one of those people.

Scarlett will use these words as motivation to work even harder now.

At that point, there's no need to teach her anything in detail. It's just me and Erich de Lafaeri left.

Erich hesitated so I prodded him.

"Get out there."

"Uh, uh...? Me?"

The previous one was Scarlett. Erich knew better than to compare himself to Scarlett, and he knew that he sucked when compared to Scarlett. 

So you don't want to go out and be compared to her, huh.

Why are you even here?

The name Saviolin Turner was enough to make Erich excited.

Erich looked like he didn't want to go out now and be judged.

"...Do you want me to go next?"

"Oh, no!"

-Stomp

If he doesn't go now, he'll go last.

I might be less skilled than Scarlett right now, but I'm sure my overall ability is stronger.

" I'm Erich de Lafaeri, A-9, first year Royal Class."

"Class A?"

"Yes."

"....”

Saviolin Turner stared at Erich, the tip of her training sword tapped to the floor of the training center.

‘Hmm... Looks like he's nervous.’

'You can tell he's inexperienced just by looking at him...'

‘This kid is Royal Class?

‘Is this all there is to the Royal Class these days?’

‘No, the other one was fine so….’

'How?’

'Um….'

'He’d probably flunk out of nervousness....'

A million thoughts raced through Saviolin Turner's expressionless face.

"I guess I don't need to see... yours."

"Er… What?"

"I don't want to embarrass you. Don't do it."

Saviolin Turner said that as if she knew how Erich’s spar would turn out as soon as she saw him.

That….

Wouldn't it be more humiliating to be told that….

"Next."

Saviolin Turner looked at me this time.

Last in line.

"Reinhardt."

"Yes."

I walked into position and raised my training sword.

Saviolin Turner and I are officially acquainted. We met face to face at one of the Royal Class’ sponsorship balls, and I got sponsored.

But there should be no relationship beyond that. What happened at the Spring Palace was top secret, so while Saviolin Turner had fought together with me, we couldn’t show the real distance between us..

So… this was a pretty suspicious thing to do.

"Good, good. You're inferring the course of the sword from your opponent's shoulders and stride, which is a difficult sensation to develop. But you're not quite there yet. But don't worry. It comes from experience, and it will come naturally as you continue to train and study."

"Okay, but a little more, like this. Squeeze your grip a little harder... A little more. A little harder. Oh, I guess you're not that strong yet. Mmm. Okay. Yeah, you can do it. You're still young."

"That's great. I can't believe you can do this already, but it's better to do it like this. Look. Like this. Do you know what that feels like?"

"No, no. Not like that. Like this. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's it. You're a fast learner."

"A little more, a little more, no, one more time. Mmm. You're getting better. Let's do it one more time."

This sister.

She kept me here and didn’t stop teaching me herself.

No....

You're playing favorites!

I finally understood why Saviolin Turner had offered to teach the kids swordplay.

I had a feeling why the other guys were skipped over with only a few words.

This one wanted to teach me.

"Okay, okay, Reinhardt. Great."

All the other kids gawked at this scene of overwhelming favoritism.





<br><br><br><br>

Please report us if you find any errors so we can fix it asap!