---







title: Chapter 288



category: chapter



layout: post



chapter: 288



---


Monday.

It's the start of the long-awaited Temple Festival, and I have a week of work ahead of me.

For one week starting from today, Temple will be open to all civilians.

Of course, it's mostly parents visiting their children at Temple. With students coming from all over the continent, some parents came to see their children for the festivities, while others came to enjoy Temple's events and attractions, even if they were just common people.

Of course, the safety of Temple students is a top priority, so there are restricted areas and even more security than usual.

But even with all the security, Temple still attracted a lot of people.

The opening of Temple to civilians means that Temple is at its most vulnerable during the festival.

Even if there were no incidents this year, there will be disturbances during next year's festivities, when the gates are burst open, taking advantage of the vulnerability.

But I don't know if that will happen or not.

Depending on how history had changed, it could happen this year.

If Black Order were to come to Temple, this would be the easiest time to do it. They might be in the process of coordinating opinions internally and so haven't taken any action yet.

If they did come, I would have to deal with them, though I'm pretty sure they wouldn't try to kill me.

Anyway, Monday.

It's a festival day, but we're not on vacation yet.

Cliffman, Ellen, and Liana are all back at the dorms.

All the students of Royal Class were now assembled in the main hall, as directed by the Student Council.

As the Royal Class assembled on the first floor, Student Council President Ceres Van Owen stood behind the podium.

"Starting today, the Gardias Temple Festival will be underway for a week."

She was using formal speech because she was in front of the entire school.

"Normally, the Orbis Class and the Royal Class would participate in the opening ceremonies in the Great Stadium, but as everyone knows, this year all official events and duties during the festival have been canceled, including the opening ceremonies."

"So, in a very unusual move, the Royal Class has been granted unlimited free time during the festival, and students who wish to participate in personal tournaments or festivals are free to do so."

"This year, we just need to enjoy the festival. If you want to do something, do it, if you want to play, play. You've been working hard all year, so feel free to participate in activities to see how you've done, or just relax."

"There are no official event advisories, but we'll spread the word about general precautions."

"We have a significant number of civilians in Temple at the moment. They are from all walks of life and have many different statuses. I urge you not to cause unnecessary disputes with civilians and I hope that you also do not become involved in any disputes."

"There is always friction between students and civilians during Temple Festivals. It could be because of the students or it may be because of the civilians. If an unidentified civilian puts undue pressure on you, ask a nearby guard for assistance and the matter will be dealt with immediately. There is a lot of security at the moment, so you will see Temple guards everywhere. Of course, you may also be dealt with if you use pressure or force."

In short, you’ll be protected from trouble, but you shouldn’t start it either. Ceres van Owen finished her speech and looked down at the students.

"As President of the Royal Class, I would like to wish you a successful year with this festival."

The festival is a celebration and an event that all Temple students enjoy after a year of hard work. Therefore, it's time to play, have fun, and then relax for winter break.

Of course.

For me, it felt less like a break and more like a final stretch to get through the year.

Tournaments validate how much I've improved since the beginning of the school year when I didn't know how to do anything.

If I win the First Year Tournament, I'll see how far I can go in the main event of the Open Tournament.

Miss and Mister Temple.

And then the motherfucking crossdressing competition.

Let's just get this over with and then take a break.

"I hope you enjoy the festivities. That's it."

With that, the festivities began, with some students scurrying out of the dormitories as if they'd been waiting just this moment, and others returning to their rooms with sullen expressions on their faces, as if they couldn't care less about the festivities.

Harriet was moving with a group of people.

They were members of the Magical Research Society.

‘You guys go and have fun, I’ll be fine.’

‘No, it's okay. Let's go.’

‘Are you sure…?’

‘We still have a lot of things we can work on, and the finals are just around the corner.’

The members of the first year Magical Research Society gathered around Harriet.

‘Hey, junior! Are you practicing today or not?’

And then there was Redina.

‘Uh, yeah... I was planning to practice. But you can go to the festival if you want….’

‘No, this is more fun!’

‘Well, that's....’

Apparently, the Magical Research Society was backing Harriet in the Open Tournament.

She never told me how she did it, but she won the qualifiers for the Open Tournament and advanced to the Grand Finals.

I wouldn't have been able to do that, but she did.

Since she was able to do so, it implied that her fighting potential was on par with or even better than mine, even with minimal combat experience.

Maybe even getting hit here and there, getting hurt, rolling around, getting knocked around.

Harriet felt the desire to be a good fighter, and she was succeeding at it.

So instead of enjoying the festivities, Harriet seemed to be focusing her energies on preparing for the Open Tournament. Apparently the members of the Magical Research Society are helping her with that.

The students were already working together on a project, even combining their skills together, without any input from me.

That's a good thing.

Harriet made eye contact with me before heading toward the Magic Research Society.

I would have come to watch, but I’m busy on my end too.

After a brief apologetic glance, she left the dormitory with them.

No, it’s not a big deal. You don’t have to feel sorry.

She left the dorm.

I stood at the back of the crowd headed into the Royal Class dormitories while I saw Ellen going on ahead..

She probably spent the whole weekend trying dresses on and figuring out what she's going to do at the Miss Temple pageant.

She turns her head and looks at me.

She left Temple on Friday and returned late last night, so we haven't seen each other in days.

I'm sure she was taught about cosmetics by Liana during her stay, but right now, her face was free of makeup and she was wearing her school uniform.

"?"

Ellen tilted her head when I stared at her.

But.

What am I supposed to say?

She didn’t look much different from her usual self, but I couldn’t tell if she was any prettier.

‘Ellen, come to my room. My order of new makeup just arrived this morning..’

‘Uh, yes.’

Ellen stared at me, then was grabbed by the arm by Liana and dragged away.

‘Do I have to call you?’

‘Ah. Uh, yes....’

‘Don't you think it's time for you to take care of yourself? And you, why are you fussing?’

‘I'm sorry....’

Ellen in her right hand, Cliffman in her left.

Liana dragged them away.

Ellen stared at me as she was being dragged away.

Is she trying to decide whether to come to the tournament today or not?

Maybe it was something like that.

Even though the Royal Class had nothing but free time, everyone seemed to be busier than usual instead of having fun....

It's a festival, but it doesn't feel like a festival.

It was like that.

"Reinhardt!"

-Glomp!

"What the hell?!"

Suddenly, Olivia threw her arms around me and hugged me, making me jump in surprise.

"Come hang out with your senior, there's so much I want to eat and so much I want to do!"

Olivia looked at me with a twinkle in her eye.

"Uh, I'm busy with the first year tournament finals today."

"Oh right, so can I come watch you today?"

"If you want to come, you can come, if you don't, you don't."

As Olivia was speaking with me, she saw Ellen being dragged away by Liana in the distance and their eyes met.

"Hey, I thought I heard she was entering Miss Temple?"

"Yeah... She is."

Olivia loosens her arm around me and looks between me and Ellen.

"Are you going to vote for me?"

I didn't answer, and Olivia pinched my cheek.

"You empty-headed idiot."

Olivia scoffed dismissively, then walked off somewhere.





* * *





Monday.

There are tons of events, performances, and activities going on all over the Temple, but I'm far from the hustle and bustle of the festivities.

Today is the day of the finals for the First Year Tournament. The main rounds of the tournament for each grade will continue in the same stadium, and the seats will be filled with spectators.

I'm in Group A. It's my first match.

There are thirty-two first year entrants in total.

The first round of thirty-two, the second round of sixteen, and then the quarterfinals.

There are three matches left to fight today, with the semifinals and finals tomorrow.

To prepare for the first year tournament, Ludwig, Scarlett, and I got moving.

Needless to say, Scarlett and Ludwig made it through the qualifiers.

Ludwig looked at the bracket and smiled happily.

"We’re all in different groups, thank goodness."

I was in Group A, Scarlett was in Group B, and Ludwig was in Group C. We wouldn't see each other until the semifinals.

If we were to fight each other in the tournament, it would be at least at the semifinals.

"Do you think it's a coincidence?"

"Eh? Do you think it was arranged on purpose?"

Ludwig....

My sins are great for making you like this.

"Of course, because if you put the favorites in a group, there's nothing to watch later."

"Oh, I see!"

There are four main groups.

Groups A, B, and C each had members of the Royal Class in them.

And there's a familiar name on the bracket in Group D.

Gladen Amorelle.

The Orbis Class is gone, but that kid moved to the regular classes.

There may be other students from the Orbis Class, but I don't recognize any of them. Neither Nilssonia or Lilka Aaron or Ender Wilton.

There could have been someone I didn't recognize, but I did see Gladen Amorelle in Group D. That was it.

If we win the group stage, who among us will fight against Gladen Amorel?

I don't know yet.

We were on our way to the stadium where the main part of the tournament would be held. There we would fight three matches today, followed by the semifinals and the finals tomorrow.

Ludwig was smiling from ear to ear.

"All the others will be here later, what if I get nervous?"

There were only two entrants from Class B. So the rest, with a few exceptions, were going to watch Ludwig and Scarlett compete.

Apparently, they were all coming, except for those in the Magic Research Society.

Who was going to come watch me?

Ellen and Harriet probably won't make it, and....

Maybe Olivia, but she seemed a little upset earlier, so I don't think she'll come.

What about Charlotte? She's in Class B, so maybe she'll come, but she won't come to see me.

No, I don't care if they come or not, I'll just fight.

Why am I so nervous?

Why do I feel like I'm the only one whose parents aren't coming to the sports day when everyone else's parents are?

Maybe it's because I've been acting like a kid for too long and I'm not that different from them anymore?

"Reinhardt! Let's go!"

"Uh."

An unnecessarily stiff reply tumbled out of my mouth.





<br><br><br><br>

Please report us if you find any errors so we can fix it asap!