---







title: Chapter 289



category: chapter



layout: post



chapter: 289



---



Temple was overflowing with people. Not just students, but also a huge crowd of civilians.

It was refreshing to see it bustling with people, even though it's usually quiet and secluded.

Because of the masses, there was a certain amount of commotion among the chattering voices.

Students arguing with passersby, outsiders being dragged away by security guards while shouting, "What are you doing? Do you know who I am?"

It was as chaotic as it was exciting.

Scarlett, Ludwig, and I made our way through the crowds towards our destination.

Temple's Grand Stadium.

An amphitheater used for important games and events.

It's very large, seating over 30,000 people.

It's used for all important athletic events within Temple, as well as tournaments like this one.

Today, the main round of the grade-level tournaments will be held here.

Unsurprisingly, there's a big screen for spectators.

Tomorrow, the semifinals and finals will be held here, and the main round of the Open Tournament will be held here as well.

It's a pretty cool place to be if you're a member of a sports club, but of course, I've never been in one.

The kids would come later to watch the tournament, but we were already there as participants.

"There are a lot of people here... so many of them."

Ludwig froze and muttered as he looked at the crowd that had gathered at the entrance to the arena to watch the tournament.

"Well, the tournament is one of the main events of the festival."

"Wait, Scarlett, doesn't that mean the others who’re coming to watch us won't have a seat?"

"It's all right, Ludwig. The Royal Class are VIP so they have seats reserved for them for all events."

Scarlett had done her homework, and she knew the details. The minutiae of Royal Class privileges at Temple were too numerous to count.

"Oh, I see, but what do you mean by VIP? If the stadium is already full, where do they go?"

"Well, you can think of it as having a special seat reserved for you. It's a seat that doesn't count towards the total number of seats in the first place, if that makes sense, and that's one of the privileges that is granted to the Royal Class."

"Ah! I see?"

For a moment, Scarlett's expression flashed with a hint of pity.

I really don't know about people and their relationships... Why did the relationship between one of the heroines and the protagonist end up like this?

Scarlett doesn't dislike Ludwig, but she often seems to think of him as 'a friend who’s a little dimwitted'.

Maybe it's all my fault.

The main round of the Gardias Temple Grade Level Tournament was about to begin.

We headed for the officials' entrance, not the spectator's entrance.





* * *





Since the identities of the entrants are all circulated, we were able to show our IDs and be directed straight to the players' waiting area inside the stadium.

The stadium is huge, so the players' room, which is strictly off-limits to spectators, was huge as well.

It was fully equipped with amenities, workout equipment, priests in case of injury, and security guards for safety.

There were 32 entrants from each grade level. With all the grade levels accounted for, the total number was over two hundred. There were even private rooms for all of them.

We were ushered into the waiting room for the first years.

"When all the finalists arrive, we'll give you a heads-up and some final instructions, but until then, please make yourself at home in your respective waiting rooms or in the halls."

After being told to speak to the desk if we needed anything, the three of us took a seat in the hall.

Ludwig seemed impressed by the bustling player's waiting area, which rivaled even the royal class dormitories, and so did Scarlett.

I looked around to see if anyone had arrived before us, and I saw a few guys resting or getting ready.

But mostly, they were alone.

They were picked and chosen from the many classes at Temple. There's no way that three people from one class would all make it to the finals, unlike us.

So everyone else felt like they were competing against each other, tense and wary, regardless of the comfort provided by the venue.

Most of them are probably thinking to themselves, warming up, or doing their own image training.

It's a high school freshman class, but it feels like a tryout for the national team.

To determine the strongest seventeen-year-old in the Temple. Or, if you want to be a little more dramatic, the best in their age group on the continent.

It's hard not to be nervous.

"Reinhard, do you want some bread?"

Of course, Ludwig doesn't seem to realize this, as he asked me cheerfully if I wanted some bread.

Scarlett's and my eyes naturally met.

"...."

"...."

Looks like we're kind of on the same page.

But still, you...

Originally, with him...

No, forget it.

"Ugh, just give me one."

"This is delicious!"

"Um, me too."

Scarlett ended up eating as well.

“....”

The wary gazes of the surrounding kids turned to us.

In a room full of people, most of them alone, all of them seemingly enemies, three people who seemed to know each other well are huddled together, munching on bread.

Three entrants who seemed to be from the same class.

In that case, there's only one possibility they could think of.

They must have realized that we're from the Royal Class.

Wary, hostile, fearful.

All those kinds of eyes are on us.

"Uh, um...."

Ludwig glanced around to see why we were being stared at, and Scarlett was still munching on her bread.

"What the fuck, assholes! You never seen anyone eat bread before? You should do it too. What the fuck do you want?"

Eventually, I got annoyed with the stares and spat some words around.

But the people who had gathered here today were the sort to have carved their own path with blood, sweat and tears.

Unlike the usual cowardly students, these bastards were some of the best Temple had to offer, and they were proud of it.

"What did you say?"

My nerves were on edge enough to make me glare at the first one to come up to me. I smirked at him as he approached me, arms crossed as I sat on the couch.

By the way, is that really a high school student?

I'm guessing he's at least two meters tall?

Of course, that didn't stop me.

I don't know about the others, but this one in particular kept looking at us in a particularly nasty way.

"Is this your first time seeing bread? What? Did you want some?!"

"You bastard, you must think that just because you're from the Royal Class, you're going to win? Or is it because the Orbis Class is no more?"

Suddenly, in the atmosphere that turned sour, Ludwig spoke up.

"Ah, hahaha. Reinhardt. What's wrong with you all of a sudden? Calm down, you. I'm sorry. My friend is a little sensitive."

"...."

"...."

The guy alternated looking between Ludwig and me, and I glared at him.

"What’s your name? And what bracket are you in??"

"Reinhardt, Group A."

"Great. I'm in Group A, too."

He gave me a dismissive look as if to say he'd just crush me.

"What's so great about that?"

I smirked at the sight.

"It won’t go well for you."

How is that a good thing when you're about to be blown to bits?

He was underestimating me.

Eventually, after a nerve-wracking stare off, the nameless guy walked away, and I heard a voice behind me.

"...You're still walking around causing trouble."

"...Ah, it’s you."

"We've never spoken, but I assume you remember my face?"

Of course I do.

Scarlett and Ludwig tilted their heads, because this must be the first time they'd ever seen her.

"You don't know my name, though, Gladen Amorelle."

She held out her hand to me. Her outstretched hand held no animosity toward me.

"Uh... Long time no see."

I felt a little sorry for her, since she'd lost her special class privileges after all the trouble I'd caused.





* * *





Gladen Amorelle sat down among the couches we were sitting on, across from me.

"I was a freshman in the now defunct Orbis class."

At that, Scarlett and Ludwig gave me an ah-ha look, as if they understood why we were talking familiarly.

Gladen Amorelle didn't seem to have any bitter feelings for me. After all, Lilka Aaron's whistleblowing wasn't something she did alone, it was something the entire first year Orbis class agreed to.

I knew her to be a very cold person, but the fact that she approached me and shook my hand seemed to indicate that something had changed.

Though I don't know what it was specifically.

"I thought you were going to be in the tournament."

"... Really?"

"I don't know exactly why, but I just had a feeling."

She nibbled on the bread that Ludwig had given her.

"So your classmates… have you all separated?"

"Yes, but they're still in Temple anyway, so if I wanted to see them, I could."

The Orbis Class first years were distributed to the regular classes

Gladen Amorelle, however, seemed to have taken the initiative to form a club through the Student Council, creating a gathering of former Orbis Class first years. A club is a gathering regardless of class, after all.

After all they've been through together, it's hard to cut ties so easily.

She told me, without my prompting, that she and Lilka Aaron are fine. She said she's a bit of a late bloomer, and made a subtle joke about how she's a little taller these days, but she's not really tall at all.

"I'm actually glad it happened. Because honestly, it was hell."

The Orbis Class is gone, but the kids seemed to be getting along just fine.

That was strangely comforting to me.

For all the trouble I created, for all the changes and incidents I caused, there had to be a positive change somewhere.

Gladen Amorelle is in Group D.

The four people sitting here are the strongest favorites to win.

I'm not a stranger to Gladen Amorelle, but it was my first time talking to her.

But it was clear that this kid felt she owed me some kind of favor.

"Of course, I don't intend to lose. Reinhardt."

Even so, a competition is a competition.

She and I both knew that.





* * *





"Temple’s Grand Stadium is equipped with powerful protective and summoning magic, so there are some special things that can only happen here."

"All of you who will be participating in the tournament's main round will have powerful protective magic applied to you."

"What you're about to do will not be a practice match. If you are in a situation where you could be fatally wounded, powerful protective and summoning magic will be triggered, and you will be summoned to a safe place. Of course, you will lose the match."

"In other words, even if you give it your all, your opponent won't be seriously injured or killed, which is why the Gardias Temple Tournament will be a 'very realistic' situation that will bring out the best in its participants."

"That's a lot of explanation, but in the end, what I want to say is simple."

"Pretend that this is a real battle, and use whatever means at your disposal to win. There's no such thing as cheating."

"Sure, things can happen, like getting gutted or having a limb broken. However, as long as you can stand back up, it will not result in a forfeit - remember, one punch doesn't mean you lose."

The 32 first-year finalists stood still as they listened to the explanation.

It's a far cry from the countless practice fights I've had with Ellen.

Even if they really wanted to kill their opponents, the protective enchantments and bindings in this stadium, as well as the numerous safeguards placed on the participants, would ensure maximum safety.

This allowed them to fight to the best of their ability. It's meant to be a spectacle, and it's meant to push the contestants to their limits.

After all, there were countless eyes on us.

It's a display of the greatest of fighters, and it's meant to showcase the monsters the Empire raises.

The tension is palpable on everyone's faces, even the usually laid-back Ludwig, who seems to have realized that the tournament itself had already begun.

"When the call comes, you must be ready."

Thirty-two entrants. Three rounds.

The finalists would be decided today.

"Group A, first match. Reinhardt, Royal Class 1, A-11. Lágueres, Dahlon Class 1, C-2. Get ready."

It was my first fight for the rest of the first year tournament, or rather, for the rest of the tournaments to come.





* * *





Of all the things to see in Temple, the fireworks and the fighting tournament were the best.

Temple Main Stadium.

Only 30,000 seats.

I didn't think I'd be so nervous seeing it packed, but I was.

I mean, wasn’t it just a bunch of kids fighting? Even if the tournament covered all levels from first years to sixth, it shouldn’t be enough to draw in this many people. But no, today the entire stadium’s packed and there are even some people without seats, they’re just standing there watching.

Was this even fun?

Ah.

I realized that this is a world without TV, smartphones, the Internet, or any other mass media outlets, no matter how advanced.

In a world where stimulating entertainment was a rarity, duels between empire-bred talent, even if they're just kids, were a pretty big deal in this side of the world.

On the giant screens scattered throughout the Temple's main stadium, the faces of my opponent and I alternated.

‘Ohhhhh!’

...There was an odd commotion from the audience when my face was shown.

This.

This was weird.

I tried to see if I recognized any of the faces in the crowd, but there were so many I couldn't make them out.

Everyone is looking at me.

I felt weird looking around to see if anyone had come to see me.

No one.

Everyone is busy.

But it was strange.

In a crowd of tens of thousands of people, I shouldn't be able to find you.

Strange....

In the distance, I saw a dark-haired girl with a calm expression.

It was Ellen.

Ellen was looking at me.

Next to her is Liana, and Cliffman.

And Harriet.

And there's Olivia Lanze, who I'm sure wasn’t a fan of the present company.

‘Our Reinhardt's best, yay! Handsome, yay! Yay!’

Making that commotion was everyone from Class B, they came today too.

Charlotte was smiling at me. She didn't say anything, but I could tell she was rooting for me.

And, of course, there was Saviolin Turner sitting next to her, for protection, of course. She had her arms crossed and was looking at me.

I couldn't help but smile at the sight of her.

‘Cheer up.’

I could see the shape of Ellen's mouth.

‘Woo, woo... Woo! Win Reinhardt!’

Harriet shouted as she clapped her hands, albeit clumsily.

Not only Harriet, but all the members of the Magical Research Society were there, even Redina.

‘Junior! Cheer up!’

I thought everyone was too busy with their own work to come.

But they're all here.

Ellen and Olivia, who didn’t get along very well, were sitting next to each other, and since they're right next to each other, they're trying to sit as far apart as possible while still staying in their seats.

They're all sitting together.

"Whoa...."

In my hand is not a training sword, but a true sword.

I was told to choose a weapon that suited my hand, so I chose a longsword with the same weight ratio as the one I used in Darklands.

My opponent is also armed with a longsword, just like me.

“And now, the long-awaited Gardias Temple Festival First Grade Tournament begins! Group A, Match 1! Begin!!”

‘Waaaaaah!’

With the emcee’s declaration, the audience erupts into cheers.. 

Right.

It's the first match, so we'll have to show them something fun.

Sorry, buddy.

Don't you think I owe it to my friends to show them what I've been up to this whole year, since they came to watch even though they've been busy with their own stuff?

I do.

I started channeling my magical power.

-Kurung!

Blue flames leap from my body in an explosion of power. I heard the shouts grow louder and louder, as I watched the opponent in front of me grow wary.

Adding Rapid Movement, One Strike, and Hardening.

Self-Suggestion, Magic Body Strengthening.

Once you add it all up.

"I will win."

Adding to that, Word Magic.

I take a step.

Just one step.

-Woosh!

"!!!"

The next moment, I'm at my opponent's throat.

Victory.

I wouldn’t settle for anything less.

* * *

‘Waaaaaah!’

"I wonder if I should have gone to see...."

Harriet muttered under her breath amidst the cheers.

The fight of the first-year's third match in Group D had just ended.

Reinhardt’s match ended in less than five seconds.

It was going to be a long while before Reinhardt's next match.

After the first year matches, the second year matches would be next..That’s why one didn't have to watch all twenty-eight matches of each year level. 

But when she saw Reindhardt’s, it ended in an instant.

As a result, the audience, rather than get excited, became baffled instead.It was like, ’No, what is this guy?’ It was overwhelming, but it was also kind of boring.

They would have preferred it if the combatants visibly struggled and fought desperately against each other.

So even though she came to see Reinhardt fight, she hadn’t actually see him fight at all.

Ellen and Harriet were busy. But in the end, after debating whether or not to come, they did.

Olivia met them halfway and, despite their protests, sat down next to them.

The reason was simple.

Reinhardt would find them right away if they were all bunched together.

If they sat alone in the audience, Reinhardt might not find them.

But if they sat in a circle with their friends, Reinhardt could easily find them. In fact, he did.

When Reinhardt won the first match by a landslide. Olivia even had the nerve to scream at the top of her lungs, "Take me, take me, take me, take me, take me!" to the embarrassment of everyone around her.

Reinhardt's next match would begin once all of the matches of Group D were finished.

Harriet stared at Ellen.

She thought Ellen would have entered the Open Tournament, but instead she’s in the Miss Temple pageant

"Oh... It isn’t Reinhardt’s turn yet?. I didn't come here to see that... Hey, when's Reinhardt's turn? Look at the bracket."

"You can look at it yourself."

"If I told you to do it! You should!"

"... Reinhardt doesn't like people who say that. Oh, but you wouldn’t understand."

"Hey, hey... Hmph. Never mind. I’m not talking to you.."

Angelic only in Reinhardt's presence. She acted as if she could give up everything for Reinhardt, all the while snarling at everyone else close to him.

The so-called Saint of the Eredian District, who had only become more twisted and erratic.

Olivia Lanze.

Ellen and Harriet. They're in different competitions, but she's the one they wanted to triumph against.

I wonder if I can win.

Despite her worries, Olivia Lanze acted as if she didn't care about either of them. No, she deliberately ignored them, trying to piss them off.

"Ahhhhhhhh! Bring out Reinhardt!"

"Shut up."

Ellen glared at Olivia, frowning as Olivia began to ramble on.

"What, you want to have a go down there with me right now? The audience would love that.”

"Not over there, but right here, right now."

"Really?! Show me, huh?"

"Don't imitate Reinhardt, it's disgusting."

Plus, Ellen was getting weird around her, too.

Ellen. 

Olivia Lanze.

If those two burst into the arena, every match from then on would be completely uninteresting to people.

"Will you both please stop...."

Just looking at them was enough to give Harriet a headache.



<br><br><br><br>

Please report us if you find any errors so we can fix it asap!