---







title: Chapter 297



category: chapter



layout: post



chapter: 297



---



“Praise me.”

“What?”

“Praise me.”

“What?”

The same question and answer went back and forth twice, and Ellen and I glared at each other with annoyed expressions.

"You said you'll cause a fuss if I don't win! So since I won, you should praise me!"

“I never said I would praise you.”

“Reinhardt is the best! This senior knew Reinhardt was going to win, alright?!”

“...coming from you, the praise is too exaggerated, so even if I hear it, I don't feel that moved.”

“I’m sorryyyyy!”

Ellen raised her voice claiming she never intended to praise me. In the end, the tournament was over and while everyone expected me to win the championship, I did.

Although we fought with real swords, we didn't bear any grudges against each other. Ludwig was Ludwig, and Scarlett was Scarlett, they were unique individuals.

Just like yesterday, all the students from Class A and B got together to celebrate our victory and went out to play.

In the end, it was a festival.

Harriet and Charlotte sincerely congratulated me on my victory.

Ellen also called me over for a moment on the way back to the dormitory. Everyone moved on ahead of us until only the two of us were left.

“....”

Ellen was hesitating.

Can't you handle giving a little bit of praise?

Her face was a little flushed.

“I don’t usually… for me to say things like this. It's a bit strange… you know.”

“...What?”

“I am proud….”

I felt like my hair went white at the sound of that.

"You, I was proud of you."

It didn’t make me happy.

I was embarrassed.

No, she didn’t use awesome or cool, instead she chose proud, which was a weird word!

"Are you my mom?"

Ellen scowled at my words. Was she acting as if she had raised me like I was her kid?

You know I fed you more food, right?

“I taught you, you know.”

This child who was hopeless became a champion in a tournament after I taught him for a year! 

I thought so too!

“So you're saying I’m really good now?”

“Yes.”

Ellen nodded and smiled.

“You've followed along well until now.”

In front of that smile and those words, I couldn't say anything else.

What made me who I am now was mostly Ellen. Ellen smiled at me dazzlingly as she looked at me.

“You've worked hard until now, Reinhardt. Congratulations.”

“….”





In the end, even if all of this was thanks to Ellen, it was me who persistently learned swordsmanship while being tormented by Ellen to the point of being sick.

Even though there were many coincidences and shortcuts, it was me who relentlessly learned by swinging swords, clashing with them, and falling down.

Not all of my strength was obtained through effort, but it cannot be said that my effort was not there.

That's why Ellen is praising me for all the hard work I've put in.

“Well... Thank you.”

After whining and begging for praise, now that I'm actually getting it, it's kind of….

That's right.

Oh.

Eventually, I did receive compliments from Ellen.

It seems like there weren’t many people who disliked my taking the championship, and it's good that Ludwig and Scarlett seemed to have a better impression of me, so the outcome was good.

However.

My shoulders were getting heavier, and my insides were swirling around as if something were swimming in them.

It's because of the side effects of Magic Body Strengthening. In fact, I used it throughout all three sets to defeat Ludwig, and as a result, the physical fatigue I got was no joke.

It's true that it's unreasonable.

It wasn't to the point of fainting or vomiting blood, but it was making me dizzy.

However, it didn’t seem to be solely due to Magic Body Strengthening.

Despite wanting to forget it while drunk on the joy of victory, ultimately, I couldn’t forget it even if I tried.

Today is Tuesday.

Tomorrow is Wednesday.

“Ah...”

The cross-dressing competition.

It was happening tomorrow already.

Is this what it feels like to eat mustard while crying?

My condition was already bad, and it didn’t look like it would get better anytime soon.

In the end, since it was clear that I wouldn't be in any condition to do anything after the cross-dressing competition, I gave up on joining the Open Tournament.





* * *





Tuesday Night.

In the Magic Research Society's laboratory,.

Harriet de Saint-Owan was conducting some kind of experiment in the testing area in the basement of the mansion. It was a very large field with a scale large enough to conduct experiments with high-level destruction magic, and it also had spell boundaries, protections, and soundproofing magic installed.

It wasn’t like there weren’t any outdoor practice facilities, but since destructive magic usually involved loud noises, it's often done in a place with such countermeasures in place.

With the festival ongoing, it's impossible to conduct such experiments outside.

Harriet was conducting an experiment inside the testing area, and behind the safety window, all the members of the Magic Research Society were watching her progress.

-Fwoosh.

A jet of flame shot from Harriet's fingertips and hit the pile on the opposite wall.

-Boom!

With the explosion, five flames lit floating above Harriet's head and enveloped her, down to her shoulders.

'Firebolt', a low-level destruction type magic spell.

Five firebolts formed in an instant and hit all at once.

-Kwakwakwakwang!

It happened very quickly, it was almost as if she did not  perform any casting.

From Harriet's forearm to her wrist, a blue line of magical energy was following a strange pattern.

“Success!”

“It’s finished...!”

“I-Is this really happening...?”

After that, Harriet continued to cast numerous destruction type spells such as lightning bolts and fireballs in quick succession, showcasing her ability to perform a multitude of spells.

It was only natural, Harriet had these spells mastered a long time ago. Even if one isn’t specializing in destruction type magic, most people could do this much.

However, there was one difference.

The casting was abnormally fast, and she's even doing multi-casting.

When Harriet came out of the testing area, all the members of the Magic Research Society were looking at her with shining eyes.

“It's done, right?!”

At Christina's words, Harriet smiled weakly even as she looked tired.

“To some extent. Still, I think we can do more to improve on it.”

“Hey junior! You're a real genius!”

Redina was jumping up and down happily as if it was her own accomplishment.

“I wondered if this would have really worked...”

"I'm at a loss for words," Louis muttered with a dazed expression. Harriet smiled at him.

"This was based on your theory in the first place, why are you so surprised?"

“No... It was just an idea, I wasn’t sure if it would follow the theory...”

Louis Ancton was even more surprised to see the theory that he had conceived come to life.

“This, in my opinion, is a magic system that no one else can use except for you. Such a thing... Other wizards cannot do it. I was under the impression that it would never be practical or even be possible in the first place.”

Harriet was using the tool that Louis had created excellently. Louis Ancton, who created this in a short period of time, was a genius, but Harriet was the only other genius who could use it.

“Is that so? Then it's good for me.”

Harriet's right arm, under the cuff of her sleeve, emitted a humming blue light before disappearing soon after.

“Ugh! And Reinhardt won too.”

Harriet stretched and took a deep breath, feeling tired.

“I should be able to do something too.”

The Open Tournament was on a different level than the First Year Tournament.

Even though she didn’t think she could win, Harriet knew that she wouldn’t be defeated so easily.

Knowing what Harriet could do, the members of the Magic Research Society didn't think that her confidence was misplaced.

Olivia Lanze.

That annoying person kept butting in and spouting nonsense without any sense of tact.

Harriet was firmly determined to put that arrogant senior in her place.

That person probably wouldn’t see her coming, since she was only ever scowling at Ellen..





* * *





Wednesday.

Harriet was busy, so she wasn't in the dormitory, and the students who were participating in the Mister and Miss Temple contest were also not present, presumably starting their preparations in earnest.

Soon, all of my close friends were busy with their own business.

And.

I was not free either.

“Reinhardt! We're going to watch the parade, do you want to come too?”

Those guys, the three idiots and Heinrich, who seem to have gotten closer after the tournament.

Kono Lint waved at me.

“No, I want to rest a bit.”

“Ah... Did you push yourself too hard yesterday?”

“...Yeah.”

Actually, it's true that I overdid it and my whole body ached, and it's true that I wanted to rest, but I can't do it today.

I had to go to the cross-dressing competition….

This event that raises my magic power by five could be considered as the most important event of this festival in a way….

Right now my magical power is 14.2, but if it increases by five, it will be 19.2.

And then, if I increased it by only 0.8 more, my talent in [Mana Domination] would blossom.

That's why I couldn’t give up.

Eventually, the fact that my friends didn't push me to go out anywhere today turned out to be a good situation for me.

Since everyone was too busy to care where anyone else went, I wouldn’t have to worry about anyone asking where I went even if I attended the cross-dressing contest and came back.

Escaping from the dormitory and participating in the cross-dressing contest, then returning.

I was really a crazy bastard!

Okay... It's true that I was a crazy bastard who sold his soul and dignity for events and challenges. Ever since I confessed to Kono Lint as a girl, I crossed a river that I couldn’t turn back from.

It's all my fault in the first place.

If I just sat here quietly, the system would make me do something weird. Ever since it realized that I would do all kinds of crazy things for rewards, it's been making me do this kind of stuff.

If I hadn't done any weird crap, I might have been given more normal events during this festival.

It's my fault, it's my fault. It's my fault damn it.





* * *





The cross-dressing competition will be held at night.

Of course, it seemed like they're using an indoor auditorium, which luckily wasn’t as large as the stadium, as the venue, and I had already memorized the location.

It's currently lunchtime.

The competition started at 6 p.m.

But I had to start preparing now. I've prepared a dress that I could put on and take off by myself, but I can't do makeup by myself.

I planned to first go out of Temple, get my makeup done by Eleris, and then come back with my dress.

Of course, I planned to wear a hood when I go out and come back.

Fortunately, during the festival period, traffic control which included ID checks at the gate had been relaxed.

Once I finished all my preparations outside the temple, I'll idle about in a quiet place to kill time, and when the start time of the contest was near, I would just go inside quickly.

There's no point in wandering around inside Temple for no reason.

I don't know why I was considering various scenarios like I was performing a secret operation or something.

Actually.

How am I supposed to handle this tension, which was a hundred thousand times worse than when I was in the tournament!

What if they recognized me? What if someone saw me? What if the emcee suddenly said "Here is Reinhardt!" What would I do if he said something like that?

Shouldn't I just withdraw? My magic power will naturally increase over time anyway, wasn’t I risking too much to focus on it? Did I really need [Magic Domination]? I had Word Magic, didn’t I?

Okay, wasn’t it unnecessary to be more greedy here?

Despite feeling dizzy and disoriented in my head, I was leaving the dormitory with a half-empty expression on my face.

There were many people on the streets since the festival was in full swing. However, I didn't have the energy to pay attention to where they were going.

While considering giving up on participating in the cross-dressing competition, at the same time, I was worried about what expression I should make to look less like Reinhardt, so my brain felt like it was being split in two.

No, the brain was naturally composed of the left and right hemispheres anyway.

My mental state was deteriorating in real-time to the point where I was forgetting even the obvious things.

Before I knew it, I had arrived, and it's broad daylight.

Eleris was still running her store, although it seemed like business still wasn't doing well like always.

However, she told me that she wouldn’t open the store today and just stay at home.

In a residential neighborhood near the Al Ligar shopping district.

As I knocked on the basement door, Eleris opened it for me.

“Your Highness?”

“Yeah.”

Eleris seemed to have already finished preparing as she had tidied up the room and laid out her cosmetics.

Eleris looked at my complexion and tilted her head.

“Did the tournament… not end well?”

“No, I won.”

“But why do you look... Ah.”

Despite the happy news of the victory, the looming contest had erased any cheer I might have had, and Eleris could only nod her head, her lips trembling slightly.

“...Nevertheless, you've worked hard, Your Highness. You have grown remarkably.”

“Thank you….”

While I was considering if that was either praise or comfort, Eleris sat me down in a chair.

“Um... Shall we start right away?”

“...Well, what's the use of dragging it out when I have to do it anyway?”

Both of us had dismal expressions.

I first washed my face, and then changed it to the one I had previously sculpted through Sarkegaar’s ring.

It's a subtle change, but with makeup and a different expression, I looked like a completely different person.

Eleris had subtly changed my facial features in the reflection of the summoned mirror, but my original features, as well as my hair, were still visible.

“...Why? Ah, no. It's nothing. Don't say anything.”

Even I think it's strange! I just made a small change and didn't even put on makeup, and this happened!

That's like drawing a girl and insisting that it's a boy!

“...Let's begin.”

“...Yeah.”

The prelude to a hellish time is here.

It's just one day anyway.

Once today passes, there won't be any more terrible situations like this.

Anyway, no matter how hellish everything in the world may seem, you'll eventually remember it as "Was it really like that?". Twisting the chicken's neck doesn't stop the dawn from coming. Time keeps flowing and even if the world turns upside down, the crossdressing competition will end today!

Even if time flows slowly, tomorrow is destined to come, and when it does, I'll say goodbye to this filthy appearance, and all that will be left for me are increased magic stats and achievement points!

After it's all over, yeah, I'll be able to say I was glad that I did that thing back then. And while holding back my shame, thinking like this, I'll come to think of myself as impressive for having done this!

I continued to make excuses for self-justification.

Ah...

I feel like I'm going to level up my Self-Suggestion at this rate.





<br><br><br><br>

Please report us if you find any errors so we can fix it asap!