---







title: Chapter 303



category: chapter



layout: post



chapter: 303



---





I won.

I achieved what I wanted and everything went as expected, but it felt like my soul had been sucked out.

And I realized that my mistake was only thinking about the cross-dressing competition itself.

Anyway, I have to get out of the competition venue, but there's no way there will be any security to protect me. I should have thought that there might be crazy guys trying to catch me on my way out.

However, I only thought about winning and didn't think ahead about a safe route to return without incident.

Many of the spectators who had left were waiting for me to return so they could follow me.

Seeing the crowd gathering outside the auditorium, I had a strong feeling that something like that was going on.

“….”

It felt like I'd become a celebrity.

But the thing that differentiated me from a celebrity was that I was the winner of a cross-dressing contest. Regardless of gender, there were people, who were quite curious about my identity, gathering around the exit.

You didn’t even know who the person named Reinhardt was, did you? What's the point of asking if you wouldn’t know even if I told you?

If things went on as they are, I’m going to get caught.

If those guys came inside the waiting room, I wouldn't even have the confidence to throw a punch.

Other participants of the cross-dressing contest left with awkward smiles, seeing that I couldn't use the exit due to the crowd.

Of course, no one went out of their way to help me.

What should I do?

It looked like there was only one way out of here

Should I go out through the window?

“Um... If you're not going to leave….”

“?”

As I stood in the doorway, unable to get past, someone spoke to me. I turned around and saw Kono Lint. He had changed his clothes so he wasn't wearing a dress anymore, but he still had his makeup on, which made him look ridiculous.

Of course, I came here dressed like this so there were no spare clothes for me to change into.

Unlike me, he could just walk out there and leave.

“Oh, I'm sorry.”

When I moved aside near the door, the guy hesitated as he tried to walk past.

He's intimidated by me but in a different way than when I was Reinhardt.

Kono Lint, I didn't get a good look at what he did, but I know what happened.

He caused a commotion by teleporting something other than himself.

In the original work, the ultimate manifestation of Kono Lint's ability was to teleport everything he had on, including clothing. I don't know what happened exactly, but this brat became able to teleport other things now.

It's unclear whether it had become stronger or not, but it was a fact that Kono Lint's ability had achieved a remarkable advancement that cannot be compared to his progress in the original work.

Today, Kono Lint's progress was more significant than the addition of five to my magic power and magic resistance increase combined.

Kono Lint was making his way to the exit while continuously glancing my way

An evolution of ability.

Transportation of something other than oneself through space.

"Hang on a moment."

I unconsciously grabbed Kono Lint's arm.

“Huh, what?”

Kono Lint's face turned pale and his lips began to tremble as I grabbed him.

He looked like he didn’t know if should like the situation or not.

It's not what you think it is, you asshole!

Because of the crowd outside.

“Could you please help me get outside?”

The only one who could rescue me now was Kono Lint.



* * *



Of course, he was reluctant..

Kono Lint explained in detail that his ability was not originally like that, that there could be side effects, and that I might even end up naked. Of course, that could happen.

There was a possibility..

But it’s okay!

I could just use [Revise]!

Thanks to the tournament and the cross-dressing competition, I earned a whopping 14,000 achievement points. Combined with my existing points, that makes it 18,000 points.

I can use it as many times as I need to!

“Even if there are side effects, I'll bear with them. So please, go ahead.”

“But still... Y-you might be seen in an embarrassing position….”

Even if I insisted that he do it, Kono Lint still showed a sign of reluctance.

“It's okay. I won't hold it against you. I'll bear all the consequences myself.”

He looked at me with a look that said ‘you’d rather end up naked in a random place than face the people outside, huh’.

No way!

You're going to make it!

I know you don't believe in yourself, and I don't believe in you either, but I’m a god.

After a long struggle, Kono Lint hesitantly nodded.

“Um, um… then I'll give it a try.”

Kono Lint succeeded in teleporting objects for the first time today. Now he must succeed in teleporting a person.

Of course, there's always the possibility that only my clothes would be teleported.

So, I will use [Revise].

Kono Lint succeeds in teleporting me to an isolated location outside the Great Hall, with my clothes on.

[To trigger the incident, you need 100 achievement points.]

100 points.

It was surprising that it was actually a very cheap price, much lower than expected. I thought it would be around 500 points. Has this guy already developed his abilities to such an incredible extent?

[You have spent 100 achievement points.]

“That, hand...”

“Ah, yes.”

Kono Lint trembled as he took my outstretched hand.

Come on, you bastard.

Don’t be embarrassed.

I glared at Kono Lint as he took my hand with a red face. At least he looked like he was focusing.

"Well, even if it doesn't work out... Um... Don't blame me too much."

"It'll work out."

“….”

The guy stared at me instead of concentrating.

“...Do you really believe in me?”

Hell no.

But what am I supposed to do about it?!

Just teleport me quickly!

"Of course."

Since I couldn't reveal my true feelings, I had no choice but to say it with a smile.

-Pak!

Suddenly the world around me went dark and in a blink of an eye the scenery changed.

"Huh."

Since this was my first time experiencing this type of teleportation, I was so surprised that I couldn't help but take a deep breath.

In a split second I found myself in the outer courtyard away from the crowd.

I had no idea if Kono Lint was teleported with me or if I was on my own.

The effect of [Revise] was clear.

Fortunately, I was still wearing the same clothes. I had managed to escape without attracting anyone's attention, so now all I had to do was change my clothes and I’d be home free….

At the same time as I was having that thought.

-Thud.

“…”

I could see something appearing from the thin air and falling down.

What was it?

I picked up what fell to the ground. I examined it in the dim light.

“...Oh man.”

As soon as I saw what it was, I realized that I had made a mistake in my [Revise].

Before me on the ground lay Kono Lint’s clothes. 

Kono Lint managed to move me to a secluded area outside the hall, along with his clothes.

That brat.

Not only did he send my clothes away, but his own as well.

What a dirty move, no wonder it was so cheap.



Could it be that Kono Lint’s new flaw was that he sends his own clothes away alongside whatever else he was teleporting?

Were you still only halfway there?

Should I return this?

No, couldn't he just come over here?

I mean, weren’t you supposed to come and get your clothes now that things ended up like this?

However, this was the main street.

Showing up here in just his underwear would be too much for Kono Lint to handle.

On the other hand, people would just think that I was some random girl in a dress.

Should I return this?

“….”

What's the point of getting teleported here if I were just going back anyway?

I was tempted to just throw it away

But, I really couldn't do that.

“Damn it all.…”

In the end, I had no choice but to stumble back towards the auditorium where the cross-dressing contest had taken place, still in my dress.



* * *



Fortunately, I didn't have to go towards the people gathered in the auditorium.

There were some familiar faces sitting on a bench a little further away.

Heinrich, Erich, Cayer and Liana were nearby, because they were waiting for Kono Lint to come out

Approaching those guys was also dangerous. No, maybe even more so.

But I would rather die than be caught by the "I'll give you anything, Oppa/Hyung" brats.

-Why isn’t he coming out?

-Is he still changing?

The others were grumbling about Kono Lint's tardiness, so I made my way to them. Luckily, we were in a poorly lit area, so they wouldn't spot me easily.

“Ex, Excuse me…”

“...Huh?”

Everyone looked surprised when the winner of the cross-dressing contest suddenly appeared holding some clothes.

"It’s the man who's prettier than me! What's up? Do you need something from me?"

Liana asked, smiling at me.

You're such a bitch!

Since all the other guys were frozen, Liana was the only one I could talk to.

“You are Royal Class... students, right?”

“Yes but, why are you asking?”

They were wearing the Royal Class uniform, so it wouldn’t be suspicious of me to recognize them as such.

"These are Mr. Lint's clothes..."

“…?”

At those words, everyone's expressions became confused.

"Well, I asked to be teleported outside... However, he sent his clothes along with me... It's going to be difficult... for me to go back."

"Oh. I get it."

Liana raised her hand as if to say that she didn't need to hear anything more, and snatched Kono Lint's clothes.

As expected of you, you're quick on the uptake in situations like this.

Until just a moment ago, I thought of you as a bitch, but I changed my mind. Liana giggled as she scanned me up and down.

“If you're into that sort of thing, you should come over to Duke Grantz's mansion.”

“...Yes?”

“If you mention Liana de Grantz, they'll open the door for you. You can wear whatever men's or women's clothing you want, okay?”

Laughing snidely, it was clear that she was teasing me.

You….

You're a real bitch.

Anyway.

After returning Kono Lint's clothes to those guys, I fled from the place as if I were running away.

I've had enough of this..

Let's please return to normal.



* * *



There was no end to these bastards.

There was no way to pass through safely. In a situation that seemed tailor made to humiliate me, I couldn’t get away unmolested

As I tried to get away I was chased by someone who recognized me.

“Hey, no. I’m not a strange person.”

“….”

"I'm just wondering how poor you must be, to enter a contest like that unwillingly. Hmm."

A bald middle-aged man, who seemed to be a member of the audience, grabbed me and started rambling that he wasn't a strange person, that he was running a prosperous business, and that his children were about to enroll in Temple.

“So, if you're in a difficult situation, I can personally support you.”

How could this be?

I don't know why this was happening.

Actually, he might really be a charitable person who wanted to help me because he believes that I was in a difficult situation.

But his gaze was strange.

You know there’s something really weird about your eyes right now?

It gave me the chills. 

"I mean, don't get me wrong, I don't want anything from you. I just want you to talk to me about what's going on in your life at Temple. Mmm. Let's do that."

Okay, you can say that, but you've got this weird look in your eye.

He was obviously not a Temple student or faculty member, so should I just punch him and tell him to stop spewing shit?

Unluckily, the festival was ongoing and there were people everywhere in Temple. Naturally, there were also security guards everywhere.

Getting caught and interrogated by the guards after fighting in a public place would be more humiliating. Obviously, they would also find out that I'm Reinhardt.

This was the last test.

If I don't hold my tongue here, the whole planet will know that Reinhardt of the Royal Class, won a cross-dressing contest and got dragged in by the guards for beating up a dirty middle-aged man.

That was basically suicide.

I had to endure it.

I lost it once and ran into Bertus.

If I can't hold it together this time, it's really over.

“Ah, I understand what you're saying. But it's okay.”

“Oh, just accept the kindness given by adults. Why don't we go to a quiet place and talk for a while?”

“It's okay. The prize money is enough and I really need to go.”

“Because my circumstances seem so particular, please don't think too strangely of me. Do I seem like such a suspicious person to you?”

“It's not because I think you're suspicious, really, I’m okay.”

“Well, then, let's have a small chat.”

Ah, get away from me you damn dickhead.

I was getting pissed. I tried to explain myself in an understandable way but he still couldn't get it. Do I have to shout and make a scene?

It seemed like he would never let me go.

“It's frustrating when you keep treating me like a suspicious person. Maybe we could go somewhere quiet and have a cup of tea or something….”

At this moment where I couldn't use my fists, I felt that my tongue was about to say something really harsh.

“What's up, mister?”

“!”

Someone with a deep resonating voice approached.

I turned around and saw the human tank.

He's changed into his own clothes, so he's no longer wearing a dress.

Richard Haulman, the human tank.

He wasn't alone, he was with a group.  They were probably his classmates and there were quite a few people.

The middle-aged man froze at the sight of a villain even worse than other villains.

“Why are you bothering that student?”

“Ah, no. I, uh... I have something to talk about with this student...”

“This student doesn't seem to have anything to talk about with the old man, right?”

With that, Richard Haulman looked towards my direction.

Fuck.

This situation was getting stranger by the second, but I'm relieved that you showed up.

Chase him away!

My desperate gaze seemed to have worked, as the hulking, over two meters tall, thug cocked his neck to look down at the middle-aged man.

“You don't seem to have anything to say, do you? Huh?”

“That, that's…! I’m not a suspicious person!!”

"You’re being ambitious during the night, restraining a g…raceful student... No, if you hold a student back and prevent them from leaving… Am I the weird one here or are you? Huh? Shouldn’t you better back off before I hand you over to Temple Security?"

A graceful student, you say.

You got beaten by that graceful student in the tournament, you bastard.

And you were definitely going to say girl….

“Uh, umm... it seems like there was a misunderstanding. Hmm. Well, excuse me.”

In the end, because of the thug, the middle-aged man ran away without looking back.

-Oh, nice, Richard.

-That’s impressive.

"Oh, shut up!"

The assholes behind him were whistling.

Thanks for shooing the bad guy away, but it looks like there's more of them now.

“Uh, well, um. Are you okay?”

Richard cleared his throat while looking down at me.

Something about all this made me want to give up

I felt like I was going crazy….

No. I already went crazy.

“Ah... thank you.”

Watching what appeared to be Richard's classmates or seniors whistle and catcall made my blood pressure soar. They were probably here to see Richard's performance.

I don't know why this guy showed up at the cross-dressing contest, but anyway….

Richard spoke with a red face, without even being able to look at me properly.

“Because there could be misunderstandings... It would be better for you to go back quickly.”

“That, that's right...”

-What, you're just going to let him go?

-At least ask him to eat!

"Oh come on!"

Richard shouted toward the back.

This bastard, he's still acting somewhat gentlemanly. I thought he was just a worthless piece of trash.

But come to think of it, during the tournament, I was the one who started the fight, not this guy.

I was the scumbag all along.

Richard looks at me with a troubled expression.

“Look, please hurry up and go back. Before it gets more awkward….”

“Ah... Yes. Thank you.”

Finally, with unexpected help from Richard Haulman, I was able to get the middle-aged man off my back.





<br><br><br><br>

Please report us if you find any errors so we can fix it asap!