---







title: Chapter 305



category: chapter



layout: post



chapter: 305



---



It was a long and difficult process to get Liana to let me go after she stubbornly insisted on taking me home. Luckily, after a while of convincing her that everyone else seemed to be okay and that she should just go, she finally let me go with a sour look on her face.

There was some discussion about whether I should call security, but I tried to convince her that I wasn't in any trouble.

After removing all my makeup and changing outside Temple, I returned to the dormitory.

The dress was left in Eleris' basement.

Since it was expensive, it seemed better to sell it for a lower price than to just throw it away.

Naturally, I threw away the trophy.

In martial arts novels, there was such an expression.

Jinwonjingi.

It's a concept similar to the fundamental biological energy of human beings, and if you use it up, it's like using a last resort emergency battery that will ultimately lead to death.

When I threw it away, I felt like I was using up the last of my energy, and my whole body just felt drained.

Since I wandered around outside all day, they probably didn't see me in the dormitory. Of course, there were other guys who were also wandering around.

Of course, since I came back quite late, when I returned to the dormitory, I was able to see the guys I met today with a completely different appearance.

“Hey, what have you been doing all day?”

For example, there was Liana de Grantz, who told me earlier she would take me home.

“Since it's a festival, I wandered around, you know.”

“Alone?”

“Sometimes, don't you just want to be alone?”

For some reason, my shoulders have stiffened up.

She might make a connection between the me she just saw and the me she was seeing right now. Honestly, it's a wonder I don't recognize myself in the mirror.

Actually, no one recognized me at all.

But letting them see myself as Reinhardt made me feel uneasy and sent my heart racing.

‘Oh, you?’

‘Hey.’

‘What?’

‘No way? Was it you?’

I pretended that everything was okay, but in reality, cold sweat was running down my back.

Liana giggled and hung her arm over my shoulder.

“Did you go watch the cross-dressing competition?”

“...Why would I even go there?”

Actually….

I did….

I didn't just watch, I was a contestant, and even won first place….

She didn't recognize me at all, which was even more amazing….

"Oh, you missed out on a great show. Pshh, you should have seen it."

Liana giggled and went into her room.

The three idiots, or was it the four idiots now, didn't react much when they ran into me after that.

However.

“…?”

“...What.”

“Oh? Ah, no.”

Only Kono Lint looked a little befuddled, reacting a bit strangely.

However, in the end, it seemed that even that guy didn't realize it.

Of course.

I returned to my original Reinhardt appearance, not just by removing the makeup, but also by returning to my original body shape, height, and face shape.

If you realized who I actually was, it would be strange!

Isn’t that how it goes...?



* * *



Southern outskirts of the capital.

A group of people were gathered on the grounds of an abandoned monastery that occupied a fairly large area. The group couldn't be identified by their outfits alone, but in the center of the area where a bonfire was burning, there was someone sitting on an old wooden chair.

A man sitting on the chair.

The previous Commander of the Knights Templar, Riverriere Lanze, was staring at a female student wearing a Temple uniform standing across from him.

Her name was Lydia Schmidt.

She was a sixth year student in the Temple Royal class, as well as one of the top four contestants in the Open Tournament.

“...It doesn't seem like a particularly good idea.”

“I think there is value in trying. Anyway, Lord Bolton said that he would take all necessary measures if the situation were to go in that direction.”

“Illion Bolton?”

“Yes.”

“Well, I suppose there's no reason for him not to welcome Olivia back if she returns.”

Lydia Schmidt's determined expression seemed to indicate that she had made up her mind.

“But if things don't go as you expect, the job will proceed according to plan. Lydia.”

“Yes, Commander.”

Although it was clear that the current Commander of the Knights Templar was Illion Bolton, yet the girl was referring to Reverierre Lanze as the Commander.

Everyone here had no hesitation in referring to the former Commander as such. When she was done, Lydia Schmidt turned to leave, but then turned back.

“Commander.”

“Do you have anything else to say?”

Lydia couldn't hide her sorrowful expression as she gazed somewhere in the monastery.

“Please… Does it need to be that child? That child will also eventually become a faithful believer belonging to the Gods’ embrace….”

“Enough.”

Riverriere Lanze cut off her words as if he didn't want to hear any more.

“As you said, I know that Reinhardt is more suitable for this role.”

When the name ‘Reinhardt’ was mentioned, a strange emotion flashed in the eyes of the female student. Twisted hatred and anger were boiling within that gaze.

“However, Reinhardt is a Temple Royal Class student just like you, and he is even a classmate of the Imperial Prince and Princess. You should know he isn’t someone we can lay our hands on.”

“….”

“Of course, if the situation warrants it, we may have to resort to that, but for now, remember that this is the best course of action. Also, it's not like we've decided to sacrifice that child. Depending on the circumstances, no one may get hurt.”

“...Yes, Commander.”

When Lydia Schmidt had finished speaking, she left the abandoned monastery.

The man who was beside Riverriere Lanze speaks cautiously.

“Do you really think everything will go as planned with that child?”

“Not at all.”

Riverriere Lanze shook his head with a stern expression.

“The idea is bold, but... it probably won't turn out the way that child expects.”

“...Is that so?”

“You seem uneasy. I understand that her abilities are outstanding, but...”

Riverierre Lanze clicked his tongue as he looked in the direction the girl had disappeared.

"Let's hope she doesn't do anything stupid."

"I apologize. I just thought she might be able to help us......."

The man who had brought Lydia Schmidt to the Nameless Order bowed to Riverierre Lanze.

But what happened happened..

Lydia Schmidt's usefulness was not limited to just this one instance. She will soon graduate from Temple and was also scheduled to join the Knights Templar.

“From now on, be selective of who you let in.”

“Yes, Commander.”

Lydia Schmidt was, whether he liked it or not, a useful asset to this group.

“What about Adriana?”

“...She's quiet.”

“Good.”

Riverriere Lanze nodded his head and gestured to the man beside him.

“For now, we should keep an eye on the situation and see how Lydia Schmidt's plan progresses. If it doesn't go as expected, then send a letter to Olivia as we planned. She will understand if you mention that you have Adriana with you.”

If Adriana was with them, calling Olivia out of Temple would be too easy.

The only important thing is what comes next.

Riverriere Lanze was staring at the burning flames in silence.

Only Olivia Lanze could restore the honor of the disgraced Commander of the Knights Templar.

Slowly, from there.

Riverriere Lanze had the intention of writing the history of a sacred land that would last a thousand years.



* * *



Adriana sat on the hard wooden bed, watching the pale moonlight coming in through a small hole.

There was nothing in the room except for a hard wooden bed, and the two Paladins of Knights Templar who were standing guard outside.

“….”

Adriana buried her face between her knees.

Nameless Order.

Brought here by Reverierre Lanze, Adriana was under the watchful eye of the Paladins of the Order.

Adriana thought that Riverriere Lanze would try to take revenge on her.

But that wasn’t what she was here for.

‘In a few days, Olivia will be here.’

‘All you have to do is explain the situation to her and convince her to change her mind.’

Riverriere Lanze just said those words.

What kind of situation was this, and what kind of convincing did he mean?

Adriana couldn't understand why she had to persuade Olivia, who had abandoned her faith, to return to it.

She just knew one thing.

She was the bait to lure Olivia out.

Reverierre Lanze wanted to change Olivia's mind. Even if he failed to convince her, he at least hoped to restore his authority and honor by having her retract her statement regarding the abuse she suffered through.

She was just a bait for that.

Adriana refused it.

Olivia had made her own choice, and she doesn't see any reason why she should be forced to change it.

Ever since then.

Adriana was trapped like this.

The Nameless Order.

Adriana knew that they were trying to cause a new divide between the humans who had survived the Demon World War.

Adriana had been disappointed by those who held faith. She did not believe it was the fault of the Gods, but rather the fault of the believers themselves.

However.

If those who believe in the Gods were wrong, shouldn't those Gods warn those who follow them?

Olivia will soon come here. If she knew she was being held hostage, Olivia would have no choice but to come.

That's just who she was.

Adriana was despairing at her circumstances, but she could not do anything about it.

To the north, in Temple, a festival was taking place.

To the south, in a ruin, Adriana was crouched in silence, resenting the Gods.



* * *



Thursday, breakfast time.

Kono Lint was having breakfast. The story of Kono Lint going to a crossdressing competition had spread throughout Class A.

But the only person who seemed to be surprised was Cliffman.

‘Are you okay today, Harriet? How is your condition?’

‘Great, I'm fine.’

Ellen wasn’t interested as usual, while Adelia and Harriet were too busy murmuring to one another.

He thought Reinhardt was going to say something when he told him of his participation, but he was just, "Uh… Why did you participate?" and that was it.

It was surprising.

He thought Reinhardt would be horrified, disgusted, critical, or something along those lines.

So Kono Lint was unnecessarily cautious around Reinhardt. Even though he wasn't the type to pick a fight, he was someone who could be grumpy for no reason.

Kono Lint felt that something was strange when he met Reinhardt last night.

It's hard to put into words, but something was off.

It's a strange feeling. He couldn’t quite put his finger on it. It was like he knew something, but couldn’t remember what it was.

A subtle feeling like that.

Even though the festival was being held at the moment, the morning scenery wasn’t much different.

Everyone was at their usual seats except for Bertus, who seemed to be busy with his own business.

Just an ordinary breakfast time.

Kono Lint kept unnecessarily glancing at Reinhardt. In this case glancing meant looking

And in this case looking meant watching him.

And then, not far away, Kono Lint saw Reinhardt's hand, as he was eating next to Ellen.

That hand.

Those nails.

That shape.

It looked crooked, as if it had been gnawed on violently.

“...!”

Upon seeing his fingernails, Kono felt a revelation course through his body like lightning.

Number 40, who had been anxious.

Number 40, who was biting their nails.

Number 40, who had asked to be teleported.

Number 40, who obediently extended their hand when asked to do so.

Those nails.

That.

The nails that had been nibbled off and chewed on.

“Hey.”

“?”

“?”

Without knowing it, Kono Lint found himself murmuring, and met the sudden gaze of Erich and Cayer, who seemed to be asking what got his attention.

It was impossible.

That person from yesterday, the one who looked like an angel with silver hair.

It's difficult to express in words, but that person.

With this one.

Reinhardt who he recognized through his chewed on nails.

Silver-haired, gold-eyed, number 40.

But Reinhardt's eyes were blue.

But, well, it's something that can be solved by wearing contacts.

“Hey.”

“...What's wrong?”

“Why are you acting like that?”

Kono Lint knows that his own thoughts were not reasonable at all.

-Aren't you going to the Open Tournament today?

-Yeah.

-...Will it go well?

-Somehow, it will work out. But aren't you participating too? You won the first year tournament, right?

-No, I decided not to participate. It's fortunate for you that I'm not competing.

-What?! Do you think I'll lose to you?

-Ha, where did you even get the idea that you can beat me?

-You, look here!

The voices were excessively different.

Compared to the laid-back, warm aesthetic tone of yesterday’s voice, didn’t Reinhardt’s voice sound a bit cynical?

There was often a qualitative difference among people.

Comparing the gentle and kind number 40 to Reinhardt was like comparing an angel and a devil.

Kono Lint tried to forcibly suppress the unpleasant thoughts that were slowly forming in his head.

However.

Wasn’t it somewhat similar? If you put silver hair and golden eyes on that face, and a slightly shorter, more petite body, then it would be…..

Wouldn’t it?

“Hey.”

"What's wrong with you?"

"Are you sick?"

In the end, Kono Lint ended up buying drinks for his friends who were quietly eating nearby, after he had hit himself with a flurry of punches.





<br><br><br><br>

Please report us if you find any errors so we can fix it asap!