---

title: Chapter 314

category: chapter

layout: post

chapter: 314

---



Friday.

Today was the Miss Temple pageant and the finals of the Open Tournament.

Olivia Lanze, who had to participate in both, will be very busy. The Royal Class first-years didn't seem to have much interest left in the Open Tournament, which would start with the quarterfinals, since none of their classmates were competing anymore.

Ellen, Liana, and Cliffman were busy preparing for the pageant.

Ellen, however, bumped into me in the morning and stared at me.

"Today…."

I knew what she was going to say.

"Are you coming?"

"...Yeah."

Ellen had watched all of my matches during the first year tournament. Even if she didn't, there's no reason why I shouldn't go to the Miss Temple pageant today.

I'm still not sure what I'm going to do about Miss Temple, even though I'm going to use [Revise] and make Cliffman Mister Temple.

There's no reason I shouldn't go to the contest. Ellen looks at me, first hesitantly, then with a look of determination on her face.

"...Be sure to come."

"Yeah, be prepared."

"Yes."

I wondered if she had something she wanted to tell me.

She looked like she might.

With that, Ellen left and went off with Liana to get ready.

The others went off to enjoy the festivities on their own, so I decided to go on my own during the day too.

Just by myself.

Now I'm going to watch the finals of the Open Tournament, away from the rest of my classmates. I'm sure some of them will be there, but I'm going alone.

There were many things I felt sorry for with Olivia. She's always looking out for me and doing everything she could for me, but she always gets the short end of the stick. I even cheered for Harriet in public yesterday.

Just because someone is good at something doesn't mean they're strong in everything.

I was thinking of going to watch the Open Tournament finals alone without going with anyone, although I don't know if there are people who would go to watch the finals by themselves.

After all, there were only three matches, starting with the quarterfinals. So even if I didn't have to sit for very long to watch the finals, it wouldn’t still be quick.

-Wooooooh!

The cheering was incredible.

The fact that Harriet lost won’t change.

But just because the outcome was as I had expected it to be, doesn't mean the process was similar to what I had in mind..

Just as my tournament had its own twists and turns, the Open Tournament had its ups and downs.

Olivia has only dropped one set so far, and that was the one that Harriet took.

As I was waiting for the match to start, I heard someone call out to me from behind.

"Reinhardt, you're here for the finals too, right?"

"Oh, Charlotte."

It was Charlotte.

Even though I was watching alone, this area was reserved for the Royal Class so I was bound to run into someone I knew.

Why would Charlotte want to watch the finals anyway?

The reason was behind her.

"You're here, too, huh?"

"Yes."

Apparently, it wasn't really Charlotte who wanted to see the matches but Saviolin Turner. She couldn't leave Charlotte's side, but she wanted to see the finals anyway.

Charlotte wasn’t dense, so she probably read Turner's mood and went to watch the finals for her sake.

"If you wanted to go, just say so. Why are you here alone?"

"Oh, just because."

"Really?"

I figured I'd rather watch it alone rather than bring someone along, but I wasn't about to change my seat just because we ran into each other.

Naturally, Charlotte and Saviolin Turner sat down next to me.

Charlotte looked around and crossed her arms.

"Hmm."

"What?"

"Uh, no...."

This area was the VIP seating exclusive for the Royal Class.

That being said, there were also other VIP seats.

Charlotte was just looking at the VIP seats for distinguished guests.

"There's Lord Bolton."

"Bolton?"

I scratched my head, and Saviolin Turner looked at me.

"Didn't we exchange greetings at the last sponsorship party?"

"At the sponsorship party?"

There must have been a dozen names I've said hello to at the sponsorship party and I’d already forgotten them. Bolton? Who was that?

'Hmm.'

'You have a bad memory, kid.'

For a moment, I could see the thoughts that were passing through Saviolin Turner's eyes.

"Sir Illion Bolton, the current Commander of the Knights Templar."

"Ah."

Right.

I've actually heard of him. Lord Illion Bolton, the new Commander of the Knights Templar after Riverierre Lanze was deposed.

I didn't know much about him, and he didn't sponsor me, so I'd forgotten about him.

Charlotte gave me a small smile.

"I looked to see if he was here yesterday, and he wasn't, but he's here today. At least it's the finals."

"You don't think... he would want to see Olivia win?"

"Well... I'm not sure what Lord Bolton thinks, but it would be a sight to behold."

How would the current Commander of the Knights Templar feel about seeing someone, who had been in the position of becoming the next Commander, renounce their faith and win the tournament without divine power?

Not good, I'm sure. As I recalled his name, I was also able to recognize his face.

Though not quite the same as Riverierre Lanze, he looked stern and stubborn. He was dressed in robes, not knightly armor and of course, was surrounded by an entourage of what appeared to be paladins, all of whom stood still and watched the arena.

Saviolin Turner, who had been listening to us, shook her head.

"I don't know about Olivia, but maybe he's rooting for her opponent instead."

"Olivia’s opponent?"

"The other semi-finalists, you don’t know who she is?"

"I don't remember any of them, except for senior Olivia."

Charlotte smiled wryly, as if it was natural for her to not know about the things she considered beneath her notice.

"Of the four finalists, there is one student who is certain to join the Knights Templar after graduation."

"Oh... Really?"

"I suppose they might want her to beat Olivia."

Olivia's renunciation of her faith was inevitable.

So it's possible that the new Commander of the Knights Templar might want to take the victory away from Olivia, who did not use Divine Power anymore.

Certainly, there were quite a few wannabe Paladins in the Open Tournament. Most of them were a force to be reckoned with.

Jordan Windsor, Royal Class sixth year A-3.

Lydia Schmidt, Royal Class sixth year B-2.

Lydia Schmidt.

The one who was curious about what Olivia and I were talking about.

Someone who seemed like a nice enough person, but had a strange vibe about her.

She was an incredibly skilled individual, who used Divine Power in conjunction with Magic Body Strengthening.

Oh, and by the way.

Lydia Schmidt and Olivia were actually friends who had been in Temple for a long time, even after Olivia was held back a year.

Did they have some bad blood between them ever since Olivia left the faith or something?

It's entirely possible that Lydia Schmidt, even if she was the one who would eventually join the Knights Templar, was jealous of Olivia.

They would have been compared in many ways. As good as Lydia Schmidt was, she still wouldn't have been able to outperform Olivia.

If Lydia Schmidt had been at the Grace club, I would have seen her at least once, but my first encounter with her was a brief conversation in front of our dorm.

It must have been painful to always have someone who was better than you in every way that mattered.

As we chatted, the host started the competition.

-The Royal Class 5th year student, who has lost just one set so far, Olivia Lanze!

Olivia was teleported onto the arena amidst the cheers of the audience.

Despite the slight mishap yesterday, Olivia had regained her easygoing smile.

The only difference was that Olivia, who up until that point had been fighting with her bare fists, was now carrying a sword.

Maybe she needed a weapon from this point onwards. Or maybe she realized that if she let her guard down like she did yesterday, she could easily lose a set again.

The remaining semi-finalists were composed of three sixth year students from  the Royal Class and one fifth year from the now-defunct Orbis Class.

The students from the Royal Class were all in their final year. 

Olivia Lanze's semi-final opponent was a fifth year student from the former Orbis Class. Mellan Benier.

The fact that the Orbis Class was disbanded just before graduation must have been a bitter pill to swallow for its students.

It was the cradle of revolutionary forces, and most of the students and teachers involved either dropped out or left the teaching profession.

Those who remained were either those who were not recruited into it, or those who were recruited but chose to remain in Temple.

The revolutionary forces.

It gave me headaches every time I thought about it.

Regardless, the first match of the semi-finals was about to begin.

The match was uneventful.

3:0.

Olivia Lanze won in straight sets.



* * *



I don’t know if Harriet had gained a set against Olivia because she used magic or because Olivia was without a sword in her hand during their match, because Olivia became much stronger while wielding a sword.

Her opponent struggled, but they were no match for Olivia.

More importantly, it seemed that her opponent was frustrated, but the expression on their face was not that of bitterness but rather resignation..

Next match of the semi-finals.

Jordan Windsor, Royal Class sixth year A-3.

Lydia Schmidt, Royal Class sixth year B-2.

Having made it all the way to the semifinals, it's clear that there was nothing wrong with their skills. I watched Lydia Schmidt and Jordan Windsor fight.

Lydia Schmidt thrived with using both Divine Power and Magic Body Strengthening. Jordan Winsdor, on the other hand, compensated for his lack of divine power with impressive skill.

Obviously, they're very strong opponents that I can't even compete with at that level, and I don't think that Harriet would have been able to win against them either.

Olivia was too much of a monster, but so were the other Royal Class upperclassmen.

They were people who managed to enter the Royal Class, which selected its members solely for potential, and had honed their skills for six years straight in Temple. So, while there may be a monster outside of the norm like Olivia, they too were monsters in their own right.

Talent wasn’t something you lost

I mean, just because Erich was useless now doesn't mean he'll be useless in six years. He seemed to be trying these days, so there's a chance he'll awaken Magic Body Strengthening by the end of his third year, and another three years from there he'll be another monster competing in the Open Tournament.

Olivia Lanze was originally a classmate of the sixth years, and she's probably been in Temple with them the entire time, except for their fifth year when she took a leave of absence to serve in the Demon World War.

So she would actually be closer to the sixth years.

Being in the same class and facing each other in the finals of the Open Tournament.

I thought that would be a pretty novel and fun experience.

If it wasn’t for the Gate Crisis, I could see myself and Ellen facing off in the finals of the Open Tournament as seniors.

…Well, I'd probably lose.

I'd make it all the way to the finals, but then I'd see myself losing to Ellen in the final match....

I honestly didn't think it would be that bad.

The second match of the semifinals was actually pretty exciting, despite my expectations.

-Please take care of me, Lydia.

-Please take care of me as well.

The two greeted each other with a smile, suggesting that their relationship wasn’t as bad as it seemed. Despite coming from different classes, they seemed to have gotten close after spending so much time together.

But it was only for a moment.

Their faces suddenly tensed.

As if their closeness was a lie, the mood suddenly turned cold as they took their stances and began to probe each other for weaknesses.

Mellan Benier, a fifth year former Orbis Class student who had just been beaten three times in a row by Olivia, was probably a much better fighter than I am.

But the two six years fighting in front of me eclipsed even him.

This was the last time they'll be facing each other in a tournament like this.

Regardless of how they normally got along, this was the last time they'll be pitted against each other on this kind of specialized battlefield.

Thus, they had no choice but to be sincere with each other.

-Fwoosh!

Jordan Windsor’s body glowed blue. It wasn’t an explosion of flames like Ellen's.

Quite the opposite, actually.

Rather than a burst of power, it was a technique that prized efficiency above all else.

It felt like a well-honed blade, compressed and refined, with no unnecessary waste.

It didn’t feel weak at all.

It's an extremely efficient use of Magic Body Strengthening, using only what's needed, where it's needed. Jordan Windsor's approach to using magical power was probably the one that Ellen and I should be emulating the most.

Lydia Schmidt's case was a little different.

Suddenly, she slammed her sword down into the arena floor.

-Boom!

The metal sword pierced through the stone floor, and white threads of energy began to rise from the floor and envelop the sword.

Soon, the white glow surrounding the sword began to wrap around her body as well.

It didn't stop there.

Not only did Lydia's body emit white light, it also emitted blue magical power.

Strengthening her physical body with Divine Power and supplementing it with Magic Body Strengthening.

Adding strength to strength.

It's not my place to say this since I was capable of Self-Suggestion, but that double enhancement was absurd. Saviolin Turner watched the spectacle and quietly spoke.

"That is the Divine Power of Als, the War God...."

Saviolin Turner had already seen Lydia Schmidt in action from her earlier matches, so she knew she used the Divine Power of Als.

"The Divine Power of Als... I’ve seen it before."

"Yeah."

I knew that part.

Als, God of War.

"Divine powers that don't use the power of healing, but instead focus everything on offense...."

While Towan's power was not limited to healing, most divine powers had some ability to heal.

However, the priests of Als, the War God, cannot heal.

A power that specializes solely in destruction.

A power of destruction that specializes in killing and slaughter.

That is the Divine Power of the War God.

Having absorbed enough divine power from the earth, Lydia Schmidt drew her sword, bathed in blue and white light, and stared down her opponent.

-I’m coming.

-Yes.

They're not just superhumans, they're the best among superhumans.

Two monsters that were the epitome of the Royal Class.

-Boom!

Sword clashed with sword, and I could practically see the shockwave ripple through the air.

Given the level of the combatants, it's clear that the weapons that were issued were powerful artifact-class weapons that could withstand any kind of fight.

This was truly a battle of superhumans.



* * *



The second match of the semifinals was won by Lydia Schmidt from Class B. The set score was 3:1.

Jordan Windsor was superior in terms of Magic Body Strengthening and swordsmanship, but Lydia Schmidt was able to use the divine power of Als.

That was the deciding factor.

A divine power that focused on destruction. The sight was enough to make me shudder. Jordan Windsor was defeated by Lydia Schmidt, aided by that divine power.

Since the ranking in the Royal Class was permanent, it wasn’t unusual for someone from Class B to surpass someone from Class A in their senior years.

Still, it's kind of weird to see it with my own eyes.

I could see the defeated Jordan Windsor gritting his teeth.

No matter what their usual relationship was, he'd just lost at something he'd been practicing with all his might during his entire stay at Temple, and by a decisive margin too.

Accepting defeat was difficult for anyone.

I didn't really empathize with either of them. If anyone deserved my attention today, it was Olivia.

Of course, unlike me, the crowd didn't have anyone to get invested in in the first place, so I think they were happy enough with the spectacle.

But come on, could Olivia win this?

Olivia was forbidden from usings her divine power, while Lydia Schmidt could use hers at full power.

What was the relationship between Lydia Schmidt and Olivia?

If Lydia Schmidt was jealous of Olivia during her entire stay at Temple, she's going to want to do everything in her power to defeat her.

After a little while, the finals were just around the corner.

In the end, it was a match between classmates.

Former A-1,Olivia Lanze.

And Lydia Schmidt in B-3.

The finals were a little different than I expected.

Olivia, who always wore a relaxed smile, had a tense look on her face, and it was Lydia Schmidt who was smiling.

-Olivia.

-...Yes.

The mood between the two was tense.

In her previous match, when she was talking to Jordan Windsor, she had a normal look on her face.

Lydia Schmidt.

Right now, there was something in her eyes, a kind of madness.

-The divinity I sense in you is stronger than ever.

-....

-Return to the gods, Olivia. You were born to do so. You were created to only live within the embrace of the gods, unable to live outside of it.

-Lydia, I….

-Come back. Olivia.

It wasn't the jealousy or inferiority complex that I expected.

Lydia Schmidt felt something else for Olivia.

-I told you, I've given up. I've been telling you... I keep telling you...

-No, Olivia, your divine power, your talent, your character, all of it. You are the only one who can truly unite the Five Great Faiths. You are the only one who can put an end to this long history of division and lead us all into the next era.

Lydia Schmidt smiled at Olivia.

Olivia wielded the divine power of Towan, while Lydia Schmidt used the divine power of Als.

They were from different faiths, even though they served the same pantheon.

Nevertheless, Lydia Schmidt was trying to bring Olivia back to the faith. Olivia's discomfort was palpable.

-Come back, Olivia.

-I'm sorry, Lydia, I have no intention of going back.

It was then that I realized I didn't know the details of Olivia's life at Temple.

Just as Riverierre Lanze didn't want to lose Olivia’s talent, there were a lot of people, including her classmates, that admired her and didn’t want to lose her either.

This probably wasn’t the first time this happened. She'd likely heard it from people from the same faith as her, and she's heard it from many of her former classmates too.

People she'd gotten along with when she was a believer, but now that she'd given up her faith, they were trying to convince her to return.

Olivia must have gotten tired of it.

In the end, contrary to my expectations, Lydia Schmidt was not jealous of Olivia Lanze, but rather she was one of her most ardent believers.

"What are they talking about?"

Charlotte asked Saviolin Turner, as both I and Saviolin Turner focused on the two in the distance.

"She's trying to convince… Olivia to return to her faith."

"Ah…."

Charlotte sighed.

"She must be tired, too."

"...."

Olivia's exhaustion bordered on despair.

She knew that she was going to be doing this for the rest of her life.

Olivia was struggling with more than I had realized.

-I have only one answer, Lydia, and that is that I have no intention of returning to the arms of Towan.

Lydia closed her eyes at Olivia's words.

-I see... Then be prepared.

-...Prepared?

-Yes. Prepare yourself.

Once again, Lydia Schmidt slammed her sword into the arena floor.

-Prepare to endure tragedy.

-Ka-gak!

Lydia Schmidt didn't seem evil. I was just being unnecessarily nervous. She had a friendly smile on her face when she spoke to me briefly earlier.

But Lydia Schmidt, the woman talking to Olivia was strange.

Her smile was gone and her face showed a different emotion from the semifinal.

Madness and obsession.

-Everything that's going to happen from now on is the will of god to lead you, who has strayed, back to the right path.

-Whoosh!

A surge of divine power from the arena floor enveloped Lydia Schmidt.

