---





title: Chapter 315



category: chapter



layout: post



chapter: 315



---



Chapter 315

Magic Body Strengthening along with divine power.

What would happen now? Even if Lydia Schmidt won against Olivia, there's no reason for Olivia to regain her faith and say, ‘I'm nothing without divine power.’.

-Crunch!

Olivia took a stance as the finals of the Open Tournament began.

"This feeling… It’s a bit…."

"I see…."

As  Saviolin Turner and I listened in on their conversation, I couldn't help but feel an ominous sense of foreboding.

Lydia Schmidt was up to something.

-Crack!

Despite my ominous premonition, I couldn't quite tell who had the upper hand.

Clearly, Lydia Schmidt was a formidable fighter.

However Olivia, even with just her Magic Body Strengthening was not inferior at all. That being said, if she used her divine powers on top of it, Olivia was sure to have the upper hand.

No matter how offense-focused Als' power was, Towan's power had the power to strengthen its adherents. If Olivia could use her divine power, it would be easy for her to defeat Lydia Schmidt.

What does Lydia Schmidt plan to do, force Olivia to use her divine power when she realizes she's lost?

Olivia said that if that happens, she'll be brought before the Inquisition.

So even in the face of losing a set to Harriet, she didn't use her divine powers.

"Just out of curiosity…what will happen to senior if she uses her divine powers when she's officially renounced her faith?"

I remembered Olivia telling me that, but I didn’t know the details..

"I don't think she'd be in a good position if she did...."

Charlotte said regretfully.

"...Those who use divine power unauthorized are treated as heretics."

Saviolin Turner added on to Charlotte’s words.

Whether it be priest or paladin.

One needed to be ordained to be allowed to use divine power. Although students who majored in divine power were more like apprentices, so they were exempted.

They had a monopoly on Divine Power.

Olivia wasn't secretly healing people in a village in the middle of nowhere, she was actually called the Saint of Eredian District.

If you give up your faith, your divine power should disappear. It's a power that comes from belief in the gods.

But Olivia's divine power didn't disappear, on the contrary, it only grew stronger.

However, she mustn’t use it. Someone who used divine power without the church’s blessings were treated as heretics.

"If that were to happen, Olivia would not be considered a heretic. But she would be brought before the Inquisition."

If Olivia were to use divine power here, she would be using it unauthorized in public. That could potentially lead to her being tried for heresy by the Inquisition.

Lydia Schmidt would try to force Olivia to use her powers.

But how?

Olivia didn't even use divine power when she was cornered by Harriet.

In this tournament, Olivia had fought without considering to use it even once

If she loses, she loses, and this wasn’t going to force her to use divine power.

-Bang! Bam!

A heavy blow from Lydia Schmidt sends shockwaves across the arena, but Olivia merely deflected it with her sword.

Not only was Olivia deflecting the devastating divine power with her Magic Body Strengthening, she also had the freedom to retaliate.

I don't know what else to make of it, but I wondered if this could still be considered a battle between humans.

That was the kind of thought that crossed my mind.

“Impressive. Both of them.”

The world's strongest monster next to me was praising them.

It was such a fierce fight.

Lydia Schmidt fought with everything she had.

While Olivia only used Magic Body Strengthening.

I wondered if Lydia Schmidt would have been in Olivia's position as the strongest, if Olivia didn’t enter Temple.

She was so good that it was tempting to think so. But she wasn't jealous of Olivia, she was obsessed with putting Olivia back where she thought she belonged.

Obsession, not jealousy.

In the end, this matter was probably tiring for both of them.

-Kurung!

As the divine power coalesced within the sword wielded by Lydia, a brilliant white light burst forth, illuminating the surroundings before crashing down upon the ground.

-Thud!

I wondered if that was the potential of divine power. Divine power focused on destruction was even more powerful than magic.

I could see the arena, which had been reinforced even more strongly after Harriet's performance, being torn apart by the second.

This was a paladin.

Actually, a berserker might be a better word.

But Olivia, who faced it, was just as formidable.

She parried and dodged dangerously powerful attacks, and struck at her opponent with precise strikes that kept Lydia on her toes.

In terms of overall power, Lydia has the edge.

However, Olivia was more skilled and quicker with her nigh-precognitive attacks and counters that kept Lydia under pressure.

As such, the outcome of the match was somewhat predictable.

Despite Lydia's strong start, Olivia would inevitably win.

She's not underestimating her opponent like she did against Harriet.

Olivia may not be using divine power, but she's still giving it her all.

Lydia Schmidt had a trick up her sleeve.

If she wanted to force Olivia to use divine power, how would she go about it?

Olivia attacked Lydia with a sharp, precise strike.

-Bang! Kwakkang! Bang!

Olivia's onslaught continued, depriving Lydia a chance to catch her breath.

Blow after blow fell.

Steadily attacking the defenses empowered by both magic and the divine, Olivia finally succeeded in creating a momentary gap.

This was it.

Sensing her victory, Olivia plunged her sword into Lydia Schmidt's chest.

It looked like Olivia was going to take the first set.

-Boom!

I could see an explosion of red energy emanating from Lydia Schmidt's body.

"That's...!"

Saviolin Turner was watching the spectacle with her eyes wide open, as Olivia took a large step back in panic.

-Lydia, what are you doing!?

“Olivia… you have to win, right…? The reason you joined the tournament… was for the money… for the children…”

Lydia, enveloped within a red aura, smiled eerily.

-Use all of your power to win. All of it. 

Lydia Schmidt, who was bathed in an ominous red glow, was anything but normal. Saviolin Turner muttered to herself, as if she knew what that red energy was.

"Berserk... So that's how it is. To have the ability to use that power as a student…."

"What is that?"

"It's a power rarely used by the high priests of Als."

Berserk.

I don't know the details, but the word itself already gave it away. Olivia cried out as her face paled.

-Lydia, stop it, now!

"That... is a power that burns up one's life force as fuel."

It was an extreme method used by the Paladins of Als to increase their power by using up their life force.

The Paladins of Als were not berserker-like, they were actual berserkers.

Lydia Schmidt was using that power now in the tournament’s finals.

She knew why Olivia wanted to win. She knew that Olivia wasn’t competing for herself, Olivia was competing because she needed the prize money for the children.

So she's doing the crazy thing of burning up her own life force to boost her power so that Olivia couldn't defeat her unless she's at her full strength.

She was willing to resort to such measures just to make Olivia use her divine power?

-Bang! Ka-kang! Bang!

Lydia Schmidt was engulfed in a red aura, and this time, she was the one pushing Olivia back.

Charlotte looked anxiously at Saviolin Turner.

"Shouldn't we stop them?"

"Yes, but Berserk is a very rare power among the priests of Als. Even within the Order of Als itself, there are very few who know how to use it. Olivia seems to know about that power, but... I wonder if the organizers know what's going on over there now…."

To the casual observer, it would appear that Lydia Schmidt, who was on the verge of defeat, had suddenly regained her powers, unaware that that red energy was the effect of Lydia burning her own life force.

I looked over to the Commander of the Knights Templar, Illion Bolton, and saw that he too, was shaken.

Illion Bolton was staring at the arena with a tense expression on his face, and even the paladins that accompanied him were talking amongst themselves in bewilderment.

Even the high ranking paladins with the Commander of the Knights Templar had no idea what Lydia Schmidt was doing right now.

Olivia gritted her teeth, taking the brunt of Lydia Schmidt's powerful offense.

The match should be stopped immediately.

But since the organizers were unaware of the situation, the match will continue.

Olivia was being overpowered by Lydia Schmidt, who was using extraordinary strength. It would be best to defeat her and stop Berserk, but that would require Olivia to use her divine power.

That was not an option.

She might be able to hold out without using any divine power, but Lydia Schmidt, who was recklessly burning away her life force even now, would eventually run out.

Therefore, there was only one way to stop Lydia Schmidt's reckless attacks.

Defeating her with divine power..

Actually, there was another….

Olivia giving up the match.

These were the only two options.

"Lady Turner, please stop the match immediately, I will take full responsibility."

"Yes, Your Highness."

Charlotte said with a serious look on her face, and Savolin Turner nodded but….

"I... surrender."

Olivia, looking distraught, had declared her withdrawal.



* * *



Olivia silently sat in the locker room, her face buried in her hands.

She had conceded the match.

‘I want to be just like you when I grow up!’

‘Hehe, your dreams are too small, you should aim to become someone much greater than your unnie.’

'You're the prettiest, kindest, and most amazing person I know.'

'Hey, don't get too carried away.'

She had conceded.

'Thank you, Miss Olivia, as always.'

'No problem. It's something I have to do.'

'But now that your situation is... I hope you don't overdo it.'

'I'm still fine, Director, because I think I'm going to win a lot of money at this year's Temple Festival.’

‘Prize money?'

'Yes, there is the tournament and that... and the pageant... Hmm. That’s how it is. Anyway!'

She conceded.

She had to.

There was no such thing as a second place prize in the Open Tournament.

Most of the audience was bewildered.

It was such a disappointing end to the highly anticipated finals.

Very few people knew the full story. Whether Lydia Schmidt's behavior was worth disqualifying or not was up for debate.

So for now, the competition had to be wrapped up, albeit lukewarmly.

Olivia didn't even think about watching the awards ceremony.

The prize money was important, but….

It was painful to not be able to win the tournament, but more than that, Olivia felt like her head was going to explode.

She felt like she was going to lose her mind.

She couldn't understand why they were doing this to her.

She didn't know how long she'd been sitting there.

"Olivia."

Lydia Schmidt was walking toward her.

-Bam!

She tossed aside a fancy trophy, the proof of her victory at the Open Tournament, as if she didn't care about it.

Lydia approached her.

"Why did you surrender?"

"...."

"You needed the money."

There wasn't the slightest hint of joy in Lydia Schmidt's expression.

The only thing that Lydia wanted was for Olivia to use her divine power in public.

Lydia Schmidt risked her life so that Olivia could be dragged before the Inquisition and be forced to resume her priestly duties. She risked her life because she knew she had to.

If Olivia had used her divine power, she could have subdued Lydia Schmidt who was using Berserk.

But Olivia didn't do that.

If she had stood her ground, Lydia Schmidt would have died.

Olivia was forced to make a choice.

She was forced to choose between feeding and clothing children who would otherwise go hungry due to lack of funds or lead the life of a religious person against her will.

She was forced to choose, and so she chose.

"This is not the Olivia I know."

Lydia was not at all pleased with her victory. Rather, she stared angrily down at Olivia.

"The Olivia I know, in that situation, would have knocked me out in one fell swoop, won the prize money, and helped the children. Obviously, that's what she should have done."

In Lydia Schmidt's mind, Olivia was not the kind of person who would quit in that situation. She was competing to help someone with the prize money, and in that situation, she should have used her divine power without thinking about herself.

The person everyone expected her to be.

Lydia Schmidt was furious that she hadn't done so.

Olivia was exhausted and trembling as she replied.

"Yeah, I'm selfish. I'm going to live selfishly from now on. This is me. This is who I am now... So, just leave me alone."

"No, Olivia, no, you can't do this. You should have just used your divine power."

Lydia Schmidt shook her head firmly.

Then she knelt down in front of Olivia and stared up at the terrified girl.

Her eyes, black as the abyss, stared into Olivia's trembling ones.

"Olivia, you can go back to the right path again. Look at me, I risked my life, I didn't think about myself, I did this to help you. I wasn't always like this. Olivia, I've always admired the way you help people, and I'm trying to be that person. That's why I did this. So, Olivia, let me help you this time. Olivia, you're only making it harder on yourself. It's gonna make things harder for you. No, this whole situation of you falling further and further away from the gods is already horribly harsh on you, and I didn't do this for nothing. This was the only way no one would get hurt."

Olivia could barely hear Lydia Schmidt's words that spilled out like water.

She didn't want to hear it in the first place.

Lydia Schmidt believed the object of her admiration was being led astray.

That's why she thought it was her chance to help Olivia.

"I, I never asked you to do that... Please…."

"No. No, Olivia, I'm giving you my winnings. I don't want you to be a bad person. You can help the children, but you have to promise me one thing. That you'll come back to the gods’ embrace. It's not too late. It's never too late."

No matter what she said to the deafening silence, it fell on deaf ears. Olivia squeezed her eyes shut, afraid to look into Lydia Schmidt's eyes any longer.

Eventually, Olivia burst into tears.

"Please, don't do this to me... Please... Please leave me alone... Please. Why me? Why does it have to be me... Please... Just leave me alone... I don't think I'm wrong. I don't think I'm doing anything wrong...."

"No!"

Lydia shouted, unable to reach Olivia’s heart.

"Olivia, you can't say that! You were chosen by the gods! Someone as perfect as you, born with the favor of all the gods, you can't deny them! Yeah. That’s right. Yes. Yes. That's right. It's called a tribulation. Oh, the gods are giving you these trials to make you more perfect. Oh, it's all part of their will to bring you to greater glory. So, take your time. Maybe start by going back to the churches. No, let's start slowly by talking to people about the faith...."

"That's a lot of fucking words."

A voice suddenly sounded from the hallway, and both Lydia and the crying Olivia turned toward it.

"Why are you preaching to her when she told you she isn’t interested? Do the street preachers follow people like this too?"

It wasn't anyone else, but Reinhardt, who strode toward them with a rough gait. Reinhardt stormed over and grabbed Olivia's trembling hand, forcing her to her feet.

"If someone keeps spouting nonsense like a dog, I'd just slap them. Why do I have to listen to that kind of bullshit?"

"...."

"It's none of your business, Reinhardt."

Lydia Schmidt said to Reinhardt with a stern look.

"What the hell are you talking about?"

Reinhard asked, pulling a trembling Olivia into his arms and hiding her behind him.

"You’re the one who’s unwanted here."

"...what did you say?"

"What I mean is mind your own damn business."

Reinhardt grabbed Olivia's hand and started dragging her away.

"H-Hey, where are you going, let go of Olivia! You can't do this!"

Lydia's cries made Reinhard glare at her.

"Leave her alone. Asshole."

"...."

Olivia was led away by Reinhardt's hand, her head hanging low. Lydia watched with a grimace as Olivia was dragged away helplessly until they left her sight.

Reinhardt.

That name was like a thorn in her neck.

Olivia had been kind and gentle, but she'd also been stubborn and unyielding ever since she knew her.

But when it came to him, she was infinitely generous.

The supposedly chaste priestess of Towan acted as if she was in love with him.

No, this all started when Olivia became acquainted with that guy.

He's the cause of all this.

All we needed was for him to disappear.

Everyone's focusing on the wrong thing.

They say he can't be touched.

They're trying to sacrifice Adriana.

'Maggot, scum. The devil.'

In her eyes, Reinhardt had corrupted Olivia, who was on the right path.

He has to go.

With him gone, Olivia can be her old self again.

Back on the right path.

Lydia gritted her teeth and stared down the hallway where Olivia had disappeared.

'Yeah... It's you....'

She would do anything for Olivia.

'I'd rather have you dead than Adriana or the children, and Olivia will be fine... All she needs is for you to disappear... Why should a child who was taken in gods’ embrace be sacrificed for the likes of you… No. It’s you. It will only take one unbeliever like you.

Lydia Schmidt's eyes narrowed.

