---



title: Chapter 42

category: chapter

layout: post

chapter: 42 

---

A boy who saved her but then suddenly disappeared.

Charlotte seemed to think that he became a beggar. That was why she asked me who
also was a beggar to find the boy, because a beggar would know a beggar best.

A student from a beggar organization that entered Temple. To Charlotte, I seemed to
be the best option to look for that boy for her.

But while Charlotte seemed rational, she wasn’t. The emotions that flashed in her
eyes when she told me to find him showed that Charlotte wasn’t calm at all.

She looked like she was about to lose her reason. Charlotte, who threatened me and
insisted on me finding myself somehow, seemed unable to control her emotions.

Charlotte carried out a meticulous background check on me in mere days, however
she seemed unable to think rationally.

I thought she’d obviously think I was suspicious while listening to Dyrus recount, but
she didn’t seem like that at all right at that moment. She only felt desperate to find
someone who was very dear to her.

In some cases, there were people who never doubted anyone.

Charlotte didn’t seem to think that I was suspicious at all. Maybe she thought that I
simply ran away or was kidnapped and killed.

That was what I believed went through her mind.

If she had even the slightest inkling that I was a demon in disguise, Charlotte should
have doubted me.

If she checked my origin as a beggar, the date my ID was issued, and interrogated the
beggars personally, Charlotte would have noticed that I just appeared out of nowhere
one day.

However, Charlotte was so obsessed with finding Valier, that she just wanted to use
me as a tool to find him for her, but didn’t go around asking about me herself.

I felt a little good, but on the other hand I didn’t. I was now in a position where I had
to deceive this kid who was looking for me so desperately.

I had been given this bizarre order of finding and bringing myself to Charlotte.

Appearing in front of her with the appearance of Valier would solve everything, but
she wouldn’t let me go. She’d somehow try to keep me by her side.

What should I do?

One of my assistants, Sarkegaar, was the one who kidnapped the Imperial Princess. It
would be absurd to reveal my true identity to her and standing in front of her in the
form of Valier would be very dangerous.

This was never a matter I could simply decide on my own.

I had to discuss this matter with Loyar, Eleris and Sarkegaar.

Anyway, I was now completely trapped between Bertus and Charlotte.

Depending on my actions, it would be decided if the decision to come to Temple was
the worst possible one we could have made.

* * *

The one closest to my body was Bertus, and the one closest to my heart was
Charlotte.

To be honest, I felt very sorry. I wasn’t in a situation where I could just show up in
front of her who was so desperately looking for me, and I actually had to help
Charlotte’s sworn enemy.

And the gang was now on the Princess’ radar. I didn’t know about Bertus, but the
princess would absolutely wipe out the Rotary Gang if I were to pull some crap.
She’d probably bring up my connection to the Thieves’ Guild to the teachers and
might even get me kicked out of Temple.

It was useless feigning ignorance as well. Charlotte had everything figured out
already.

She didn’t know the most important details, but she did know all the facts that would
be bothersome to me.

I couldn’t tell Bertus what Charlotte instructed me to do. Just telling him would leave
me with a servered head. If he asked me later, what I talked about with Charlotte,
what should I tell him?

Both Bertus and Charlotte were looking for me. Bertus for retaliation and Charlotte
for protection.

Things had become twisted.

Anyway, what happened to Dyrus? I couldn’t even ask Charlotte, but I was curious. If
Duke Salerian retaliated against him, he wouldn’t be in this world anymore. I could
only hope that Charlotte was protecting him well.

Who was I worried about now?

Both heirs to the Imperial Throne wanted me to do something for them. It would
have been better if I only had something to do with one side, but I was vaguely
intertwined with both of them. What a dog like situation.

That’s what it was.

Charlotte’s matter needed to be discussed separately. And it wasn’t just that.

I also had to prepare for the duel with Art later this week. It was clear that he would
beat me into a bloody pulp when that time came, but after that he wouldn’t be able
to do it so easily anymore.


* * *

I went back to the dorm, when someone called out to me.

“Hey, you beggar.”

“What?”

It was Harriet de Saint-Owan. When I reacted she covered her mouth and laughed.

“Huh? I didn’t call you though? I just said a word. Are you a beggar?”

Was she trying to get back at me using the same method I used on her?

“Huh, I am, right?”

“Hu, huh?”

When I said yes, that girl’s expression turned into a puzzled one as if this wasn’t the
reaction she was looking for. I never set her up as that kind of character, so why was
she so cute?

She was like a little kid that thought she was smart. She was so damn cute, I couldn’t
even get mad at her.

“I’m a beggar, you’re right. So what is it?”

“Huh, uhm... Ah...”

What she expected me to say was: “Don’t call me a beggar!”, however what she got
was a: “You’re right”. So, when I asked her what she wanted she seemed flustered, as
she probably didn’t have anything to say to me.

“I heard. That. I heard, you’re going to have a duel?”

Why was she pretending to have heard it from somewhere when she was right there
when it happened? No matter how one looked at it, this was just a question she came
up with on the spot.

“Yeah.”

“That senior is a very scary person. You’re going to be beaten up pretty badly, you
know?”

“Where you’re right, you’re right. I wonder if he’ll kill me.”

She seemed taken aback by my nonchalant response.

“......Aren’t you scared?”

“Am I scared? To the point where I’m about to pee myself.”

She seemed even more confused when I casually told her that I was, in fact, scared.

She knew I was a troublemaker, but it seemed like my evaluation was being revised
as a completely incomprehensible person.

“Then why did you accept the challenge if you’re scared?”

“I know, right? Maybe I’ll just happen to turn it around somehow.”

I didn’t say anything like: “I’m trying to awaken my supernatural abilities by putting
myself into extremely psychologically pressuring situations”.

Harriet stared at me as if I was crazy. Eventually, she shook her head.

She even had a wicked smile on her lips.

“Then I guess I’ll have to watch if you really get beat up.”

“Yeah.”

“......Hmpf!”

I headed to the gym

And it seemed like our conversation was surprisingly calm just now.


* * *

My physical abilities weren’t that far behind my classmates, they weren’t comparable
to those with combat talents, obviously.

Of course, people like Erich Lafaeri who had a combat talent but didn’t put in any
effort was out of that equation.

The Class A dormitory’s gym, there were two students holding training swords and
beating scarecrows alone or practicing their posture.

A-2, Ellen Artorius and A-5 Cliffman, only those two. Those two practiced every day
according to their own routine. They didn’t go out to play on the weekends and just
practiced all day long.

However, the two of them were training separately while still being in the same
space and there was a 100% chance that they haven’t even held a single conversation
with each other up until now.

For now I just picked up a training sword.

But how was I supposed to practice swordsmanship? They were just swinging
around their sword by themselves.

I usually described it as “They did swordsmanship training” in my novel without
going into detail. Leveling up was roughly the same, I’d just say they ranked up or
leveled up. Or it would just be as blunt as saying, they’ve gotten better at this or that.

I asked neither of them to teach me, so they didn’t. I just started swinging my sword.

Of course, it wasn’t all random. I tried recalling the swordsmanship moves I learned
last week and traced it while replaying that memory in my mind. I trained
techniques and swordsmanship moves while looking at the provided manual. There
was just too much work to be done to condense it in just a single word.

I realized that the strength of my wrist and forearm muscles had to be supported, the
foot work was important as well.

I couldn’t believe those two were doing this on their own every day.

The two silently wielding their sword started to look incredible to me again.


* * *

“Huff... Huff...”

After dinner, Ellen continued to wield her sword, and even after Cliffman returned to
the dormitory, she continued to train alone.

Of course, she didn’t just swing her sword, she seemed to be doing other things like
going somewhere and coming back after. Eventually, after some time passed, I was
the only one left training and wielding the sword.

Would this even make a difference?

I only did this for one day, but I already felt exhausted and tired. I had to get used to
training in itself, not just because of the duel next week. I can’t believe in my mad
dog act forever.

That’s what I realized.

The third graders didn’t come even after it grew dark. In the end, as I expected, they
didn’t want to touch the Prince directly. And those guys forced the second graders to
do such a thing for them.

The third graders didn’t come. However, an unexpected person entered the gym.

“......”

“Junior. I heard you were here.”

It was Adriana, the second year senior with a calm demeanor.

She furrowed her brows as she looked at me sprawled out with the training sword
beside me, sweating profusely.

“What are you doing here?”

“...Redina requested me to come.”

“That kid?”

What did she ask her that for?

“Yes, Art seems to be looking forward to this a lot, so he might beat you half to death.
She tried to stop him.”

She was such a good girl, to the point that I felt really sorry for being so harsh to her.
Adriana sighed when she saw how exhausted I was.

“But looking at you now, it seems that you’re trying to do something at least.”

“Well... More or less.”

“Just because you do this for around 2 weeks doesn’t mean you’ll be able to beat Art.
You know that much, right?”

Adriana didn’t seem to understand what I was doing.

‘Why the hell are you accepting a duel that you’re obviously going to lose and wield
your sword in the training hall until the point of nearly killing yourself? There’s no
chance of winning.’

That’s what she was trying to tell me.

“I have to do something.”

“You will lose. Miserably at that.”

“I know.”

“...Just apologize now, before you have to suffer through greater humiliation. You
certainly realize that you’re going a bit too far. Art isn’t as bad a kid as you think.”
“I don’t think he’s a bad guy.”

I could fully understand why he threw the glove after being subjected to something
like that. He was humiliated by his junior. Adriana slightly bit her lip.

“You know you will lose and you also don’t think that Art is a bad person, so why do
you want to go on with this duel and not apologize?”

“Just because.”

I got up again with my training sword and started practicing my posture.

“I, have to get hit.”

“......What?”

“That’s it.”

It’s not that I want to get hit, just to get hit.

-Whoosh! Swish!

I had to get hit to overcome this difficult situation. Adriana stared at me for a long
time, then sighed.

“Junior.”

“Yes.”

Adriana slowly approached me as if she wanted to stop me and took the sword from
my hand.

Then she lightly performed the moves I had been trying to do up until now. Looking
in the mirror, it was not comparable to the clumsy moves I displayed. They were
nearly perfect moves, like a sword dance.

“...Why are you showing me things I can’t even imitate...”

Adriana sighed as if she herself couldn’t understand what she was doing and
returned the training sword to me.

“Try.”

I then tried to demonstrate the exact same movements Adriana just showed me
using the scarecrow.

“......”

“......”

We both looked at each other silently. She approached me, grabbed my arm and
shook it around. It was definitely limp because I felt rather exhausted at the moment.

“It won’t do you any good if you try to do this while you’re all out of energy. You’ll
just hurt your wrist.”

Adriana looked at me with pity, and then suddenly closed her eyes. A bunch of white
lights appeared from her hands and began to tickle my body.

“Thi, this is...”

“...Ah, you don’t know.”

Then Adriana opened her eyes again.

“I want to be a Paladin.”

She seemed to have talents in both divine power and swordsmanship. Second year,
A-2, Adriana. If she was Class A’s number 2, I was assuming that she had even more
talents.

She certainly was incredible, as she was able to use divine spells at her age.

She restored my vitality with a divine spell just now. All my muscle aches and fatigue
certainly had been completely relieved.

“Now, try again.”

“Yes, thanks.”

My strength should have been restored. While carrying gratitude in my heart, I tried
to trace Adriana’s movements again.

“......”

“......”

Nothing had changed.

<br><br><br><br>
Please report us if you find any errors so we can fix it asap!