---



title: Chapter 62

category: chapter

layout: post

chapter: 62 

---

Looking at that guy who introduced himself as Argent, commander of the Seven
Stars’ Assault Squad, Loyar sighed slightly.

“The Seven Stars Gang based in the Al Ligar district? Yeah, I’ve heard of them.”
The Rotary Gang was an information-gathering group. Therefore, it seemed that they
already knew about that organization called the Seven Stars.

So, I beat up a member of the Chilsungpa, who are active in the Yongsan District, on
the train.

“Then you should know what would happen to someone who assaulted a member of
the Seven Stars, right?”

“Well, it sure is a shame though. This all happened because the Seven Stars’
members are just too weak that they even get beat up by a kid.”

Having no intentions to apologize to them, Loyar spoke quite sarcastically. Hearing
her words, Argent’s as well as his other members’ expressions distorted into an ugly
grimace.

“Ah, he was so weak that he tumbled right out of the train.”

Of course, I couldn’t stand that guy either, so I butted in a bit. He’ll regret it if he was
going for a deal here.

“Hah... I guess you don’t quite understand the situation here. Don’t you take the
Seven Stars’ members too lightly? I came here to talk it out to give you some face, but
I guess...”

“It’s you who doesn’t quite get the situation, you bitch.”

When I suddenly swore at that guy without hesitation, not only the gangsters’ across
from me, but Loyar’s pupils slightly shook.

“Wha, what?”

“Did you come here knowing that I was a student of Temple’s Royal Class fully
supported by the Empire?”

As I kept on rambling, my thoughts jumped into a completely different direction.

“Temple?”

He might not know about the Royal Class, but there was no one in the Imperial
Capital that didn’t know what the word “Temple” meant.

“Oh, yeah. You might not believe it. but yeah, I’m a student with supernatural
abilities, so I entered the Royal Class.”

I smiled looking at them with my arms crossed.

“Did you know that you’d get locked up for touching even ordinary Temple students
for no reason? But I’m actually part of an Elite Class.”

Temple students were basically from very wealthy families or families of high status.

Therefore, Temple students weren’t only guaranteed certain special treatment inside
of Temple but even outside of it, and their absolute safety inside of the Capital was
taken very seriously.

The Empire was most careful about the students’ safety, as them coming to harm or
being murdered would put major scratches on Temple’s reputation and reliability.

So what would they do if a student of Royal Class, who they nurtured with all their
might, came to harm?

I walked towards them and held out my cheek.

“Hey, hit me.”

“Wha, what?”

“If you’re curious about what the guards would do with that organization called
Seven Stars or whatever, after you dared to slap a Royal Class student, go ahead, hit
me, bitch.”

I had no intention of fighting.

Rather, I asked him to hit me. I even had the intention of holding out my right cheek
after he slapped my left. More than ten of them faltered as I stepped closer and
approached them.

“The, these bastards don’t have the means to send a child to Temple...”

Argent muttered in disbelief as I pulled out a metal card from my pocket.

“This is a Temple Student ID card. Would you like to take a closer look?”

Of course, I had my Student ID with me. When they saw it, they seemed to be certain
that I was a Temple Student even though they didn’t know what the Royal Class was.
Those guys would know well enough that they’d shoot themselves in the foot if they
harmed a Temple student.

“What sort of bastard are you?”

Thinking he was angry, I saw him lifting up his hand to perhaps slap me.

His judgement was flawed.

The bastards who would never make it in life were the ones who threw their fists
using their instinct rather than their heads. If one were level-headed, one wouldn’t
live like that.

-Whoosh!

I quickly lowered myself to avoid the incoming hand while quickly jumping up to hit
his crotch with my knee.

I used my trademark technique, Nut Cracker.

“Kuh... Kuaaaark!”

“You’d seriously hit me just because I told you to?”

He grabbed his crotch and collapsed to the ground.

Was it because I got used to Ellen’s attacks? His attack was very slow, so I didn’t have
to use my supernatural power to avoid it. Everyone was so dumbfounded they froze
up for a while.

“Let’s beat up that bastard!”

The guys behind him ran up to me.

-Pang!

Suddenly, Loyar blocked their way and punched those guys running towards me
square in the face.

* * *

There was no need for the other gang members to interfere.

Loyar literally beat up ten sturdy men with her short figure. It took less than ten
seconds for the situation to be sorted out.

-Uh, uurg...

“Uwah...”

Not only me, but the other gang members who were watching the situation were
staring at Loyar, who was wiping her palms with a blank look on her face, as if they
rarely got to witness something like that.

She was so cool! Brilliant! Before I knew it, all the gangsters were already defeated.

“If you think I can’t take care of you guys, then you’re mistaken. It’s not that I can’t, I
just didn’t want to.”

Loyar trampled on that babbling bastard’s, Argent’s head and spoke cooly. Her saying
that after having proven herself in this one-vs-many fight was hella thrilling.

“Drag them all inside. People are watching.”

Loyar thought those dazed bastards were a bad sight for those passersby, so she
headed towards the sewers, telling us to bring them with us.

The gang members picked them up from the ground and took them in one by one.

Those that struggled got beat and tied up by the members. Daibun aside, the other
gang members seemed like they couldn’t believe that I overpowered the assault
squad leader with a single hit, even if I hit a vital spot.

“What are you going to do?”

Loyar seemed to ask me for my opinion. Though what she meant was: “If you start
something, take responsibility for it”.

Yeah, no problem.

I’ll take responsibility, alright.

“Hey.”

I looked at Argent, who was still writhing in pain even while tied up.

“Urg... How dare you, you brat... Do you think you’ll get away with this...?”

It seemed like he still didn’t understand the situation. They were probably planning
to take further revenge.

“Just take it easy, okay? You’re pretty ignorant, aren’t you? You were trying to beat up
a noble just now.”

He didn’t seem to know what it meant to touch a Temple student, so I tried to explain
it in a way even idiots would understand. Even if our status was a little different from
actual nobles, Temple guaranteed their students the same level of safety a nobleman
of the Empire would enjoy.

So he basically tried to hit a noble. Hearing those words, his expression turned
weird. He didn’t seem to understand what I was trying to tell him.

“How about I just go up to the guards patrolling around the streets and testify that
some group called Seven Stars from the Al Ligar District tried to attack me? I have no
idea what you guys have been up to up until now, but I doubt you did anything you
could be proud of. So, do you have any idea what would happen next?”

I wasn’t completely sure where that organization Seven Stars was located in the
Yongsan District, but Loyar or Daibun should know. This was an information
collection group after all.

Then the dude seemed to realize that trying to beat up this naughty bastard, which
was me, was meaningless, even if he tore apart this whole organization.

Presumably, there was the possibility that the guards would launch an investigation
into Seven Stars just by my request. I wasn’t just a regular student, I was part of the
Royal Class. The mere fact that I encountered danger in the Capital would have the
guards on high alert.

If I died, that would literally be a disaster.

And they were an illegal gang to begin with, right? So the guards would try their
hardest to catch these guys no matter what. Partly to improve their performance
evaluation.

That guy just wore a bitter smile, not knowing what to say. I didn’t know if this was a
matter of pride or something.

I just put my hand on the tied up man’s shoulder.

“Still, bro, it’s a society we live in after all. Right?”

Not only that guy, but Loyar as well, seemed sullen after hearing me say that it was a
society we had to live in together. It seemed like they wanted me to quit spouting
bullshit and get to the point.

“What benefit would it have for me to ruin your organization using such extreme
measures other than being able to do our business in peace, bro? I get it. I really get
it. It’s only natural that you’d get angry if some young guy comes out of nowhere and
swears at you while you’re only trying to make a living. Now, I don’t know how many
people I can mobilize with my words alone, but if I told you it would be enough for
dozens of people to mysteriously die, wouldn’t that be rather scary?”

Suddenly, his expression started to twist strangely, while I was acting like an adult.

No wasn’t that even more annoying? Some high schooler patting his shoulder after
kicking him in the balls and saying that he understands everything?

However, the important thing was the part where I could send everyone to jail or get
them killed with just a single word.

“If you agree to this simple thing, I could just let this go. Let’s just forget about each
other, huh? Let’s just live in peace, in peace. We just want to do business without
anyone’s interference. Look over there.”

I pointed to the water flowing down the drain. The water running in this water way
flowed back into the Irine river.

“Honestly, if we just hang a big rock on your legs and throw you in there, no one
would ever find you until the end of time.”

When I told him that it was an easy thing to just kill him with a smile, his expression
became quite a sight.

“But I’m not going to do that. It’s rather inhumane, isn’t it?”

Then I softly whispered, my hand not leaving his shoulder.

“So. If you put your hands on our business again, it’ll be the guards that will come
visit you, not the Rotary Gang. Even if the guards didn’t make a move, that wouldn’t
change anything. It’ll be enough if our big sis came over, right? You saw it earlier,
didn’t you? I’m 100% sure that she’ll be able to beat you all to a pulp, whether it’s 10
or 100 people coming at her. But don’t feel too disappointed. If we have the chance
later, we might be able to talk about something more constructive. We started on a
bad foot, but why can’t we use this opportunity to turn this into a beneficial
relationship? Huh?”

He ignored me at first because I was a young boy, but now he seemed to pay
attention to what I had to say.

After I threatened him with murder and the destruction of his organization, he
instantly nodded at my words with a bizarre expression decorating his face.

He might have thought that I bluffed about the guards, but he just witnessed Loyar’s
overwhelming fighting skills.

“O... Okay...”

I got up from my crouching position and patted him on the shoulder.

Loyar and Daibun looked at me, seeming like they heard my rambling.

“Let them go. He probably learned his lesson.”

At my commanding words, Loyar and Daibun just blankly nodded their heads.

* * *

After solving this commotion, we returned to the bonfire, when a dumbfounded
Loyar suddenly asked me something.

“Your Highness, do they teach you eloquence at Temple?”

“Huh? Not really.”

Loyar, who just saw me bewitch someone with words alone, seemed to doubt my
words. I wonder if I was just some run of the mill bully in the past.

“Sometimes I feel like you are a completely different person.”

“Well, I might as well be. I don’t even know what the old me was like.”

Loyar smiled bitterly at my calm response. So what if I became like a different
person? I was still an Arcdemon, after all.

“By the way, you do understand, right? If you were able to move the guards, wouldn’t
it be better to do so? It’s not like there’s no possibility of them retaliating.”

Loyar was right. There was a good chance that they might come again to seek
revenge or something else entirely.

“If they really were that stupid, that would be rather scary. Tell me if you see any
signs of them making a move.”

There might be some people who just didn’t understand simple words. I thought that
guy would not try to hit me after I told him the facts, but he actually went for it. This
was a good learning opportunity. I was able to realize that there might be some
people among the powerful who just wouldn’t be able to think calmly. Well, I didn’t
actually get hit, but ripped that guy a new one instead though.

However, if they were able to understand what I tried to convey to them, there
wouldn’t be a need to call the guards on them. There was some reason for taking this
risk.

“I don’t know what might happen in the future, but they might become part of a
bigger picture later on. That’s why I left them be. How should I describe them? They
are just a sketch for now, so to speak.”

“What’s that bigger picture you’re talking about?”

I grinned at Loyar’s question. The bonfire came into our view.

“I haven’t made a decision on that yet, but I might have to absorb all the dark forces
of the Imperial Capital in the future.”

I haven’t made a decision yet, but I might have to do it one day.

I wouldn’t be on the level of the Thieves’ Guild master. But If I do it, I would have to
show Bertus a performance that would make him fall off of his chair.

“N, no... Your Highness, aren’t your dreams a little strange?”

Loyar seemed to be shaken by my declaration to become the King of the humans’
dark side, while being the Demon Prince. He said he wanted to be the King of the
Capital’s underworld, when he should dream of becoming a great Demon King.

“Who was it again who created an organization instead of doing actual spy work?”

“Ah...”

Loyar’s face turned red, as she reflected on herself.

She didn’t have any right to say that to me since she didn’t even practiced what she
preached herself.

* * *

We were away for a while, so Eleris and Sarkegaar were waiting in front of the
bonfire. The two didn’t need to come out. Eleris probably thought that Loyar would
protect me no matter what.

Loyar explained to the two what just had happened.

“Your Highneeess! A decisive and confident move! I can’t help but admire your
conviction, Your Highneeeeess!”

I somewhat expected Sarkegaar’s reaction.

“......Your Highness. Aren’t you enjoying violence a bit too much? Still... I think you
did a good job, letting them go... I think you need to learn how to be more
respectful.”

Naturally, Eleris’ reaction was also within my expectations. Eleris sighed and shook
her head again as if she didn’t know what to do with me.

“Besides that, he said that he let them go because he wants to take over the dark side
of the Empire.”

At that, both Eleris and Sarkegaar looked somewhat sullen.

“No, I didn’t say I’m going to do it, it’s just a possibility. I haven’t decided on anything
yet.”

If there was a need for me to do it later, or when I feel myself mentally ready to do it,
I would continue the conversation with Bertus, but for now nothing had been set in
stone yet.

Still, just thinking about these things was rather strange, no matter if I wanted to go
through with it or not. Anyway, I didn’t plan on doing anything like that for now.

For now, we sorted out the gangsters of the Al Ligar District, but the other districts
were still crawling with them, so this matter wasn’t over yet.

“For now, catching those acting individually would be difficult. Inform me about
those acting systematically. Try to figure out how big their organizations are. After
that’s figured out we’ll take action, no matter if it’s me or Loyar coming forward.”

It sure would have been nice if this could be resolved peacefully and not through a
power struggle between organizations.

“We can’t be active on every train line anyway. Don’t try to fight with newcomers,
instead try to negotiate for a territory. That would be a good way to see if they are
able to understand normal words or not.”

“Yes, Your Highness.”

We couldn’t cover every place anyway. It might just be better to communicate and
pass on our own knowledge to the newcomers so that we can do our business in a
symbiotic way. However, we should never give up on the best routes.

It sure was funny.

Forcibly creating rights that we didn’t even have and negotiate on territories we just
claimed as our own without actually owning them. I feel somewhat weird doing
those bizarre gangster-like things.

I sometimes feel like I was actually managing an illegal organization.

“Let’s stop talking about that for now. Do you have anything else to report?”

I looked at Eleris. Eleris somewhat made it apparent that she wanted to tell me
something yesterday. It seemed like it was about human wickedness.

She didn’t tell me anything, only that I would find out today.

At my words, all of their faces seemed to change.

But all their expressions seemed to convey different emotions.

Sarkegaar’s showed hatred.

Loyar’s showed anger.

And as for Eleris, I could feel sadness emanating from her expression.

It was Sarkegaar who opened his mouth first.

“There is talk about the demons who have been taken as prisoners of war getting
sold on the Empire’s black market.”

“......What did you say?”

It was something completely unexpected.

<br><br><br><br>
Please report us if you find any errors so we can fix it asap!