---



title: Chapter 92

category: chapter

layout: post

chapter: 92

---

22 students, me included, were standing on a white sandy beach from which the
clear water of the sea could be seen.

Everyone was instructed to wear comfortable clothes, not the school uniforms. We
were also told to wear long sleeved shirts and long pants if possible, so we were all
dressed in similar things.

Of course, Class A and B were located far apart from each other.

Mr. Epinhauser stood before Class A.

The students seemed confused by their sudden arrival at a place like this. The only
one who wasn’t flustered was Ellen, who was ready to do anything no matter what
happened. Even Bertus seemed a little puzzled.

Mr. Epinhauser started briefing us.

“We are currently on an uninhabited island located within the Empire’s Kamsencha
Archipelago. The island is about three times the size of Temple.”

Although it was an uninhabited island, it was rather big. The island was covered in a
rainforest and the beach was filled with white sand.

“You have to survive on this island for about five days starting today, meaning from
Monday to Friday evening. We will provide you a box with supplies. Whether you
hunt or gather common supplies found in this place, no matter what, you will have to
survive until Friday.”

We have to survive here for 5 days. That might seem like a daunting task, but it
wasn’t impossible.

As they heard these words, everyone just stared blankly with their mouths open. The
nobles in particular were astonished as if it didn’t make sense to them why they had
to survive in such a harsh environment...

“I-isn’t this dangerous? W-we don’t know what might happen... If we get hurt or
something, what should we do...?”

“Yes. Isn’t this too irresponsible to just throw us here leaving us to fend for
ourselves...?”

As Harriet was mumbling about how unreasonable this situation was, Heinrich von
Schwarz started to complain as well.

“It’s not compulsory. If you want to give up, you can at any point. You’d just fail.”

Of course, it was crazy to ask children to just survive on their own on some deserted
island for five days, whether they were from noble families or not.

However, the people gathered here were the best talents the Empire had to offer,
only in terms of talent though, not in skills. That was why they received special
treatment. And those who receive special treatment would also be given special
trials.

Going by such logic, they’d give us more difficult tasks like this.

“You will be given a button shaped artifact.”

Mr. Epinhauser pulled out something that looked like a button.

“Use this if an emergency has occured or if you want to give up. After activating it,
you will be sent to a safe place immediately. However, keep in mind that if you use it,
you’ll be eliminated.”

We could give up whenever we wanted, and in the event of an accident, actions could
be taken immediately.

I could already see some people ready to press the button as soon as we were to get
them. However, if one were to continue to fail in group mission, there was a
possibility that one had to repeat a year if their results were especially bad. Of
course, there was no one who had to repeat a year in the original novel. However, the
development had changed, so I didn’t know what might happen
Mr. Epinhauser only explained the facts in an indifferent and cool manner, as always.

-Don’t overdo it, guys. Good grades are one thing, but your safety comes first. This
place is safer than you guys think, but if you really can’t take it anymore, you have to
use this artifact. Understood?

And I could hear Mr. Mustrang, the opposite of Mr. Epinhauser, briefing his class.

However, wasn’t it even more unsettling putting it like that?

“Let me know if you have any questions.”

At Mr. Epinhauser’s words, Bertus raised his hand.

“Are there any dangerous monsters on this island?”

Bertus’ question was to see if they sent us here without even checking
that.

“It is one of the rules to not provide you with any information about the island.
However, I can tell you one thing.”

Mr. Epinhauser was speaking calmly.

“This mission is designed to test your crisis management skills and how you’d act in
real emergencies.”

Nothing could be guaranteed.

They already determined that we had abilities. Now they were trying to see how we
would make use of these abilities. Would we act selfish, hateful, cold-hearted, or
irrational?

“You guys are part of the Royal Class. Even within Temple, you are a privileged class,
so you have to prove that you are better than the general class.”

There are people who possessed great power but flatter and become dispirited faced
with hurdles, and then there are those who’d struggle with all their might to
overcome all difficulties on their way even though their power wasn’t all that strong.

The group mission was to confirm exactly that.

Being a student of Royal Class brought a lot of privileges with it. Therefore, it was
only natural that we had to overcome even harder trials.

The teacher wasn’t even allowed to tell us if it was dangerous or not.

"I won't give you a lengthy explanation. If you want to give up press the button. If you
don’t think that you are able to survive until Friday, giving up in advance is also fine.”

However, if we did that, we’d lose.

Everyone could fully guess what Mr. Epinhauser was trying to say.

“And one more thing.”

It was now time for Mr. Epinhauser to tell us the most important thing.

“If you’re able to meet certain conditions, you might be able to complete the mission
sooner than the expected time. Additionally, the class that satisfied said conditions
would receive additional points."

Special missions.

If certain conditions were fulfilled, the mission could end earlier, and the class that
managed to do that would receive more points.

“Of course, this is only an optional mission. It won’t cause any problems if you aren’t
able to fulfill it. With this, I have conveyed all the information I can give.”

Mr. Epinhauser took out one more button-shaped artifact similar to ours from his
bosom pocket and disappeared.

He probably was still watching us from somewhere, but he really wasn’t anywhere
close to us.

“Di, did... he really leave?”

“I can’t believe it. How...”

“What should we do?”

The kids were really shocked that their teacher had left.

Actually, strictly speaking, wasn’t this abuse?

It was at that moment that I realized what kind of thing I actually made them do by
writing up this development.

-Shaaa...

Clear water was constantly crashing against the shore from afar.

We were literally children who had been abandoned by the sea.

* * *

The far off Class B was also soon left behind by Mr. Mustrang.

It seemed like both Class A and B had lost their spirits. Bertus was deep in thoughts
with his arms folded. He probably knew beforehand, but only after seeing this with
his own eyes, did he realize just how ridiculous this situation was.

It was rather useless counting on those that are currently out of their minds.

Except for me, Ellen, and Bertus, who were seriously thinking about what to do,
everyone seemed to be out of their mind or speechless.

“What's with this? Why do we have to do something like this? How would that help
us?”

Kono Lint was complaining.

"So...... What now? What do they want us to do after leaving us here so suddenly......”

That was Cayer Vioden speaking.

Just because they were commoners didn't mean that they were happy with this
situation. It was humid and hot. No one would be accustomed to something like that.

The guys from noble families already seemed to have their heads filled with thoughts
of giving up. They thought this situation was so ridiculous that they couldn’t even
put it in words.

Even the commoners couldn’t stand the situation. The only fortunate thing was that
the noble kids who only knew how to wear good clothes, eat good food, and sleep in
soft beds, didn't start crying.

In the original, Class A, which had a lot of nobles in it, somehow managed to survive
the first day, but then most of them gave up voluntarily. Everyone gave up one by one
until only Ellen remained.

Class B would be able to complete the mission led by Ludwig’s initiative.

As the development had greatly deviated from the original already, I didn’t know
what would happen in Class B’s camp. So, I had no intention of letting the current
Class A follow that development either.

First of all, I needed those achievement points, so I had to be patient, furthermore it
would be impossible for me to survive alone, so I had to drag these guys along no
matter what.

I opened the communal supply box left behind where Mr. Epinhauser stood before.

Everyone stared at me as I moved. In this situation it was more normal to whine and
complain. It was more unusual for a 17-year-old to be so calm.

I took out the contents of the box and organized them. Everyone was just staring at
me blankly.

two machetes.

Ten arrows and one shortbow.

A bundle of rope.

Three types of pots, one large, one medium, and one small.

Three throwing javelins with barbs.

One ax.

Three small knives.

One firestarter.

Eleven canteens of water.

And eleven button shaped artifacts.

I thought that was a decent amount of supplies. They were just the basics, but they
provided enough tools to leave us alone here.

Everyone was just staring at what I was doing. I just ignored the other guys and
looked at Ellen.

“Hey, you won’t give up, right?"

“ Yes.”

Ellen nodded.

“Bertus, you’re not going to give up as well, right?”

Bertus nodded when I called out to him, albeit with a somewhat more serious
expression. Unlike in the original, Class B had Charlotte in it, so Bertus wouldn’t give
up.

There were two more people who wouldn’t give up no matter what aside from me. I
grabbed the machete and handed the short bow and arrows to Ellen.

“I’ll go in there. You take care of this side, okay?”

“Ah... You're going? In there?”

“I have to. I need to find something.”

“N-no. Are you going to be okay? We don’t know what’s in there, you know?”

“Will I die?”

When I said that I would go inside the jungle without much hesitation, Bertus looked
really flustered. It would be a hundred times better to leave the overall leadership of
the other kids to Bertus. He seemed a bit perplexed at first, but soon found his
composure again.

“O-okay, Reinhardt. I’ll take care of this.”

Anyway, this was Bertus we were talking about. He wouldn’t want to do a bad job
either. However, what I asked of him was a pretty simple job, which was taking
control of the kids and taking up the leader position.

He must have felt some reluctance to this situation as well, as he grew up in an
extremely good environment.

"Come with me."

“Yes.”

I took the lead, and Ellen followed me without saying much.

Ellen and I where probably the most abnormal in this situation.

* * *

Ellen was good with bows as well. So, when any beast appeared, I told her to follow
it, leaving the hunting to her.

-Chk! Chk!

Ellen and I slowly moved further in while sweeping through thick bushes and lush
greenery located in the jungle.

“It’s fricking hot.”

“It is.”

Both me and Ellen were drenched in sweat. Ellen found her long hair rather
cumbersome so she tied it up with a string. There were sweat drops all over her face,
nape and neck.

Fortunately, there were no mosquitoes, the worst fiends usually found in a jungle.

This was an exam as well as a mission. Even though Epinhauser only gave us next no
information about this island, I knew a lot about it.

This island was a controlled environment. Therefore, mosquitoes, which could
spread dangerous infectious diseases that could cost our lives, were completely
eradicated. Of course, that didn’t mean that there weren’t any bugs.

There was an obvious possibility that unexpected accidents might occur, but we
wouldn’t be faced with the uncontrolled dangers an uncontrolled environment
would house.

-Flap, flap, flap!

We could birds fly away because of the noise we caused by cutting down the bushes.

“Can you shoot down those flying birds?”

“......I’m not that good.”

Ellen was pretty good at archery, but she wasn’t a professional. She didn’t have such
advanced skills yet.

I didn’t really intend to go much deeper. I’d soon be able to find what I was looking
for.

“There it is.”

“What is that?”

I grinned and pointed to some densely packed trees.

“Is this your first time seeing a coconut?"

They were a staple for uninhabited island scenes.

There’d definitely be coconuts.

<br><br><br><br>
Please report us if you find any errors so we can fix it asap!